gene               tissue_40     tissue_10_ja tissue_10_en   tissue_40_ja tissue_40_en
ncbigene:10        refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10        refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:100       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1000      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:100008586 refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:100008586 refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10003     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10003     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10003     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:100037417 refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10006     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10007     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1001      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1001      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:1001      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:10010     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10010     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:100101629 refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:100101629 refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:100128124 refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:100129128 refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:100129128 refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:100129271 refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:100129271 refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10013     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10013     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10013     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10013     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:100130086 refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:100130086 refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:100132399 refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:100132399 refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:100132476 refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:100132476 refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:100132476 refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:100133171 refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:100133941 refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:100133941 refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:100137047 refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:100137047 refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:100137047 refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:100137049 refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:100137049 refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10017     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10018     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10019     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1002      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1002      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10020     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10020     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10020     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10022     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10024     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10024     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10024     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10025     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:100271849 refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:100272147 refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:100272147 refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10036     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10036     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10036     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10038     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10038     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1004      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10043     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10046     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10047     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10048     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10048     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10049     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10049     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1005      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1005      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1005      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10050     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10050     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10051     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10051     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10051     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10052     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10054     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10054     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10055     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10058     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1006      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1006      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10060     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10060     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10060     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10061     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:10061     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10061     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10061     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10067     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10069     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1007      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1007      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10073     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10076     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10077     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10077     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10078     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1008      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1008      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1008      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1008      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10083     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10083     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10083     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10083     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10083     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10085     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10085     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10085     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10085     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10086     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10089     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:10089     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10090     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:10093     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10093     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10097     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:101       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:101       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:101       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:101       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1010      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1010      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1010      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1010      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1010      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:1010      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1010      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:10100     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:10100     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:10100     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10100     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:10100     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:10100     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10102     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10102     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10103     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10103     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10103     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10103     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:10106     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10107     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10107     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10107     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10110     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10111     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10112     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10112     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10112     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10114     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:10114     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10114     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10116     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:10116     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10116     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10121     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10123     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10123     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10124     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10124     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10125     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10125     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10126     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10128     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1013      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1013      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10131     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10133     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10136     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:10136     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10138     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10138     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1014      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1014      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:10141     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10141     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10144     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10146     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10147     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10148     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10149     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1015      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1015      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10150     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10152     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10153     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10153     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:10154     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10154     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10155     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10156     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10157     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10158     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10158     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10159     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1016      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1016      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1016      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1016      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1016      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1016      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1016      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10164     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10164     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10165     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10166     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10166     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:10166     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10166     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:10166     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10168     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10168     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1017      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1017      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10171     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10174     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:10174     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10178     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10178     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10178     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10178     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10178     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1018      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10190     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10193     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10193     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10196     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:10197     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10197     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10197     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10198     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10198     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10198     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1020      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1020      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1020      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10202     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10202     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10202     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10202     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10202     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:10202     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10203     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:10205     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10205     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10206     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10207     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10208     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10209     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10209     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1021      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1021      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10212     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10212     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10214     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10215     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10215     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10215     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10215     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10215     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10215     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10216     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10216     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:10216     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:10216     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10216     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10217     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10218     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10219     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1022      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1022      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1022      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10223     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:10223     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10225     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10225     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10225     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10226     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10228     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10228     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10229     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10229     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10229     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10232     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:10232     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:10232     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:10232     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10232     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:10233     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10235     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10235     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10235     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10235     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10236     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10238     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10239     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1024      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1024      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1024      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:1024      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1024      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10243     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10244     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10246     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10247     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10247     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10249     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:10249     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10249     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1025      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10254     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10257     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10260     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10260     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10260     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10261     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10261     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10261     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10261     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:10265     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:10265     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10266     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:10268     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:10270     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10272     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10272     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:10274     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10279     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1028      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10280     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10282     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10284     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10285     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10287     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10287     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10287     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10288     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10288     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10288     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1029      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1029      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:10291     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10293     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10294     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10295     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10297     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10297     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10297     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10297     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10297     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10300     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10300     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10302     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10302     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10302     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10302     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10309     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10309     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1031      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1031      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:10311     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10314     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10314     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10314     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10314     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10314     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10319     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10319     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10319     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:10319     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1032      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1032      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10320     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10320     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10320     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10320     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10321     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10321     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:10321     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10321     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10322     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10324     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:10324     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10324     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10324     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10324     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10326     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10326     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10328     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1033      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1033      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1033      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10331     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10332     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10332     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10336     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10343     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10347     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10347     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10347     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10347     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10347     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1036      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10360     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10363     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10363     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10367     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10368     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10369     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10369     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10369     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10379     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1038      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1038      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1038      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1038      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10381     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10382     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10382     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10382     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10382     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10382     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10382     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10382     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10382     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:10383     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10383     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10384     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10385     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10385     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10388     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10388     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:10389     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10389     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1039      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10390     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10390     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10390     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10391     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10391     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10391     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10391     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10391     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10391     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10393     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10394     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10400     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10402     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10402     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10402     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10403     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10403     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10403     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:10403     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10403     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10403     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10404     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:10406     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10407     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10407     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1041      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1041      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1041      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:10418     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:10420     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10422     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10422     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10422     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10422     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10425     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10426     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10426     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10427     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1043      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1043      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1043      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1043      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1043      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:10431     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10431     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10435     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10437     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10437     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:10438     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10438     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1044      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1044      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1044      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10440     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:10440     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10443     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10444     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10444     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10445     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10449     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10449     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10449     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1045      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10450     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10451     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:10451     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10451     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10451     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10451     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:10456     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10458     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10458     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10458     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1046      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:10460     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10460     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10460     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10460     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10460     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10461     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10461     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10461     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:10461     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10464     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10465     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10466     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:10466     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10466     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10466     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10467     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10468     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10469     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1047      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1047      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1047      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1047      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10471     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10472     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10472     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10474     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1048      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1048      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1048      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1048      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10481     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10481     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10483     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10485     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10485     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10485     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10485     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10485     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10486     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10494     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10494     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10494     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:10495     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:10495     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10498     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10498     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10499     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10499     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:105       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:105       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:105       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:105       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:105       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1050      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:1050      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10500     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10505     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10512     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10513     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10518     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10518     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10518     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10520     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10522     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10522     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10522     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10524     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10527     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10529     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1053      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10533     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10533     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10534     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10535     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10535     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10536     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10537     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10537     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10539     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10539     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10540     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10540     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10542     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10542     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10544     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10549     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10551     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10551     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:10551     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:10551     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10553     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10555     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:10556     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10556     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10557     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10559     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1056      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1056      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1056      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10560     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10562     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10562     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10562     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:10562     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10562     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10563     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10563     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10563     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:10564     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10566     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10568     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:10568     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:10568     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:10568     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10572     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10573     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10574     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10576     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10576     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10578     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10578     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1058      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1058      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10584     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10584     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10585     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10586     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10586     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10586     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10586     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:10586     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10586     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:10588     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10588     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10589     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10589     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10589     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1059      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1059      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10590     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10590     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10590     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10590     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10591     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10592     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10592     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10592     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10595     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:10595     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10599     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1060      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10605     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10606     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10607     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10608     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10608     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10610     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10610     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10611     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:10611     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10611     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10611     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10612     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10613     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10613     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10613     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10613     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10614     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10614     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10615     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10615     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10615     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10615     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10617     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10617     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1062      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1062      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1062      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10620     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10620     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10621     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10622     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10622     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10622     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10623     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10625     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10625     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10626     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10629     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10629     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1063      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1063      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1063      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10633     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10634     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10635     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10635     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10635     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10636     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10636     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10636     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10636     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10636     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10636     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10637     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:10637     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10637     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10638     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10638     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10640     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10640     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10643     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10643     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10643     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10645     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10647     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:10647     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:10647     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10647     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:10647     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:10648     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10651     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10656     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10657     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10659     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1066      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10661     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10663     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10663     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10664     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10665     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10666     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10667     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10668     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10669     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10669     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10672     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10675     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10675     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10675     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10675     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10675     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10675     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10677     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10677     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1068      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10681     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10682     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10682     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10682     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10682     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:10683     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10683     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10683     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10686     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10687     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10687     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10687     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10687     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10687     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10687     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10687     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10690     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:10691     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10692     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10693     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10695     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10699     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10699     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10699     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10699     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:107       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:107       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:107       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1070      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1071      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1071      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10712     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10715     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10715     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10715     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10715     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10715     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10716     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10721     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10721     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10724     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10725     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:10732     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10733     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10733     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10733     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10734     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10734     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10734     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10735     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10736     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10736     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10736     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10736     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10738     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10738     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10739     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10741     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:10744     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10745     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10745     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10745     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10746     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10746     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10747     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10747     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10753     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:10753     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10753     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:10753     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10755     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10761     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10762     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10762     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10762     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10765     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10765     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10767     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10768     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10768     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10768     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10768     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10772     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10773     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10776     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10776     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10776     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10776     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10776     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10777     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10777     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10777     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10777     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10777     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10780     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:10786     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10786     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10786     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:108       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:108       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1080      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1080      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1080      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1080      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10801     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10802     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10802     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10802     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10803     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1081      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1081      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1081      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10817     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10817     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10817     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10818     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1082      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1084      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1084      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10840     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:10840     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10840     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10840     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10840     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10841     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10841     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10841     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10841     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10842     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10844     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10844     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:10846     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10846     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10846     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:10850     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:10850     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10850     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:10855     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10855     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10856     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10858     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10858     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10858     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10858     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:10858     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10858     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10859     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10859     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10861     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10863     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10863     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10863     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:10864     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10864     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10865     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:10865     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:10865     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:10867     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10868     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1087      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1087      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10874     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10874     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:10874     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10876     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:10876     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10876     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10877     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10878     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10879     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:10879     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1088      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1088      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10880     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10880     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10881     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10881     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1089      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10891     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10891     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10891     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10891     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10891     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:10891     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10892     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10892     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10892     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10893     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10898     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10898     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10899     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10900     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:10900     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10900     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:10900     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10900     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10900     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10901     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10901     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10902     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10904     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10904     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10905     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10905     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10906     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10907     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10911     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:10911     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10911     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:10912     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:10913     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10913     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:10913     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10914     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10914     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10920     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10921     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10922     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10923     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10926     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10926     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10926     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10929     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:10930     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10930     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10930     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:10933     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10938     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10939     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10941     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:10941     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:10941     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10942     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10942     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10942     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10943     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:10943     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10943     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10943     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10944     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:10953     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:10953     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10959     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10963     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10972     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:10972     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:10975     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:10975     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10981     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:10983     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:10987     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10987     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10988     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10989     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:10990     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:10991     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10992     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10993     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:10998     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:10998     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:11000     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:11001     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:11001     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:11004     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11004     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11004     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11005     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:11005     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:11005     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:11009     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11009     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1101      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:11011     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11011     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11012     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:11012     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:11012     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:11012     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:11013     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11013     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:11015     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:11017     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11017     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:11019     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11020     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:11022     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:11025     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11025     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11026     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11027     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11027     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11027     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:11027     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:11033     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11033     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:11033     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:11033     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:11036     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1104      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11040     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:11045     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:11045     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:11045     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:11047     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1105      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11051     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11051     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11055     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11056     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11057     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:11057     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:11057     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11057     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:11057     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11059     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:11060     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:11063     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11064     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:11064     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11064     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11064     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11064     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11065     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11065     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11065     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:11066     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:11067     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:11069     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11069     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:11069     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:11069     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:11073     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11073     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11073     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11074     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:11074     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11075     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11075     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:11075     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:11075     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:11075     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:11076     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:11077     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11081     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:11081     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:11082     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11082     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:11082     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:11083     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11085     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11085     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11086     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1109      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:11092     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11093     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11093     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11094     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:11095     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:11095     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:11099     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:11099     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:11099     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11102     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:11104     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1111      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1111      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1111      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11116     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11116     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11118     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11119     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11120     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11122     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11123     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:11124     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11124     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:11126     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11126     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1113      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:11130     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11130     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11130     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11131     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11136     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:11136     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:11136     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:11136     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1114      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1114      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1114      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1114      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1114      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1114      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11141     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11141     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:11141     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:11141     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:11143     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11144     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:11144     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11144     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11146     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11148     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:11148     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:11151     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:11151     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11151     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11151     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11153     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:11154     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:11154     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11154     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:11155     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:11155     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:11156     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:11156     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:11157     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1116      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11161     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11161     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11163     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11163     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:11163     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:11168     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11168     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:11168     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:11168     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:11168     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:11168     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11168     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11169     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11169     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11169     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1117      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1117      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:11170     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11170     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:11170     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:11170     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:11170     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:11170     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:11172     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11173     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11174     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:11174     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:11176     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11176     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11178     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11178     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:11178     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11178     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11178     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1118      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11181     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:11183     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:11184     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:11184     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11184     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11184     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11187     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:11187     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:11189     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1119      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11190     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11190     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11190     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11194     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11196     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:11197     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:11199     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:11199     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:11199     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:11199     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11202     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:11202     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:11202     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:11211     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:11211     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:11211     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:11211     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:11211     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:11213     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11213     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11213     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:11219     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:11219     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1122      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1122      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11221     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:11226     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:11226     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:11226     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:11228     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1123      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11231     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:11232     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11232     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11236     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11237     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11238     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:112398    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:112399    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:112399    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:112399    refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1124      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1124      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:11240     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11240     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:11240     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:11240     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:11240     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:11245     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:11251     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11251     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:11251     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:11254     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:11254     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:11254     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:11254     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:11255     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:11255     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:11261     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11261     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:11261     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:112611    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:112611    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11262     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:11262     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11264     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:11269     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:112714    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11272     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:11272     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:11272     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:11272     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:11272     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:11273     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11273     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11274     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11276     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11276     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11278     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:11278     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:11278     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11278     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11278     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11279     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:11280     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:11280     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11281     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11282     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:11282     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:11283     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:11283     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:11284     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:112869    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1130      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1130      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1130      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11309     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:11309     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1131      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1131      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1131      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1131      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1131      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:11311     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:11314     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:11314     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11314     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11314     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:11314     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:11316     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11317     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:11317     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:113177    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11320     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11320     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11320     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:113251    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:113251    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:11326     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:11330     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:11330     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:11332     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:11332     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:11334     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:11335     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11336     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11337     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11337     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:11338     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11339     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:11339     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:11339     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11339     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1134      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1134      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:113419    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:11344     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:113457    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1136      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1137      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:113835    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:113835    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:113835    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:113878    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:113878    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1139      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1139      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1139      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1140      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:114034    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:114049    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:114088    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:114088    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:114088    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:114088    refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:114088    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:114088    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:114088    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1142      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1142      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1142      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1143      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:114327    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:114335    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:114336    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1145      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:114548    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1146      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:114625    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1147      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:114791    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:114885    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:114897    refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:114897    refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:114897    refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:1149      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:1149      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:1149      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1149      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:115       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:115123    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:115123    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:115290    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:115290    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1154      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1158      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:1158      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1158      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1158      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1158      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:115817    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:115817    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:116       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:116       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:116       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1160      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:1160      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1160      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1160      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:116039    refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:116138    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:116138    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:116138    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:116138    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:116138    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:116150    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:116150    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:116150    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:116151    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:116372    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:116372    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:116372    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:116372    refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:116372    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1164      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1164      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1164      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:116832    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:116986    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:117153    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:117153    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:117153    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:117155    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:117155    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:117178    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:117178    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:117178    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:117247    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:117247    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1178      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1178      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1178      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1178      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1179      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1179      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1180      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1181      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1183      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1183      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1183      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1183      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1183      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1183      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1183      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1184      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1184      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1184      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1185      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1185      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1185      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1185      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1185      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1186      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1187      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1187      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1187      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1188      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1188      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1188      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1188      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:119       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:119       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:119       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:119       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:119       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1200      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1203      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1203      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:1203      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1203      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1208      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1208      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1212      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1212      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:122616    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:122616    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:122616    refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1230      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1230      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1232      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1234      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1235      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1235      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1236      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1236      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1236      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1237      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1237      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1237      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1238      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1238      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:123872    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:123876    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:123876    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:124       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1240      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:1240      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:1240      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1241      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1241      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1241      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:124152    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:124222    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:124222    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:124222    refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:124222    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1244      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1244      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:124583    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:124583    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:124583    refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:124583    refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:124583    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:124641    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:124801    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:125       refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:125       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:125       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1258      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:125893    refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:125893    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1259      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:126       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:126       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:126       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:126       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:126017    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1261      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1261      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:126321    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:126321    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:126321    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:126353    refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:126393    refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:1267      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1267      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1267      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1267      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1267      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1268      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1268      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1268      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1269      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1270      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1270      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1272      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1272      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1272      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1272      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1272      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:127544    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1277      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:1277      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:127703    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:127703    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:127703    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:127833    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1280      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1280      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1285      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1285      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1285      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1285      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1286      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1286      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1286      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1286      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1288      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:1288      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1289      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:129080    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1291      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:1294      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1294      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:1294      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1294      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1294      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1294      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1295      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1295      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:1295      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:1295      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1297      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1298      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1298      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1298      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1298      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1298      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1299      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:130       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:130       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1300      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1301      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1302      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1305      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1305      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:1305      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1305      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1308      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1308      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1308      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1308      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1308      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:130916    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:130916    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:131       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:131       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:131       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1311      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:1311      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:1311      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1312      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1314      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1314      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:131578    refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:131578    refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:131578    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:131578    refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:131578    refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1317      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1317      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1317      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1318      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:132       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:132       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:132       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1326      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1326      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1326      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1326      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1339      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1339      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1339      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:134       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:134       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:134       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:134       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:134       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1347      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:135       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:135       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:135       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:135       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:135       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:135138    refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:135138    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:135138    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1352      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1352      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1352      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1352      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1353      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1355      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1356      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1357      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1357      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1358      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1358      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1358      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1359      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:136       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:136       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:136       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1360      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1360      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1360      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1360      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1361      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1362      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1362      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1362      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1365      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1365      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1365      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1365      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1365      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1369      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1370      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1371      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1371      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1373      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1373      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:137392    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1374      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1374      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1374      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1375      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1375      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1375      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1376      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1378      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1378      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1378      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1380      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1380      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1380      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:138046    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:138046    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:138046    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:138046    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:138046    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:138046    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:138046    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:138046    refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1381      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1381      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1381      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1381      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1381      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1381      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:138162    refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:138162    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1382      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1382      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:1382      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1382      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1384      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1385      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1385      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1386      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1386      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1387      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1388      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1389      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1390      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1390      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:139081    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:139081    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1392      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1392      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1392      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1392      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1393      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1393      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1393      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1393      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1393      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:139322    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1394      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1394      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1394      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1395      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1395      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1398      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:140       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:140       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1400      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1400      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1400      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1400      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1401      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1401      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1401      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1404      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:1404      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1404      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1404      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1404      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:140459    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:140461    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:140462    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:140462    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:140462    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:140462    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:140462    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:140465    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:140465    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:140545    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:140545    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:140578    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:140578    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1407      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:140801    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:140801    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:140883    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1409      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1409      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1409      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1412      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1412      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1413      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1415      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1415      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:142684    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1427      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1427      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1428      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1428      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1428      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1428      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1428      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1429      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1432      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1432      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1432      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:143244    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1434      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1435      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1435      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1438      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1438      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1438      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1439      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1440      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:1440      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1441      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1441      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1441      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1441      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:144195    refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:144195    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:144195    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:144195    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1442      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1442      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1442      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1443      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1443      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1443      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1444      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1444      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1444      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:144404    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:144406    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1445      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1445      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1445      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1445      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1446      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:1447      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1448      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:145389    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1455      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1455      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1457      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1457      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:145781    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1459      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:146       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:146       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1460      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:146227    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:146227    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1463      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1463      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1463      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1463      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1463      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1463      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1464      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:1464      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:146542    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:146562    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:146562    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1468      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1468      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1469      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1469      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1469      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1470      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1470      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:147166    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1472      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1472      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1473      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1473      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:147339    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:147339    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:147339    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:147339    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1474      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1474      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1474      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1474      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1474      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1475      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1475      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1476      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1477      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1477      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1477      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1478      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1478      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1479      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:148       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:148066    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1482      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:1482      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1482      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1482      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:148229    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:148229    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1485      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1485      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1486      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1486      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1486      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:148753    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:148753    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:148753    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:148753    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1491      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1491      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:149111    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:149111    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:149111    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:149111    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1496      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1496      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1496      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1496      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1496      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1496      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1496      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1497      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:149986    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:149986    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1501      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1501      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1501      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1501      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1501      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1501      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1501      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:150160    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:150160    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1503      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1504      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1504      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1506      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1506      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:150726    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:150726    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1508      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1508      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1509      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1510      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1510      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1510      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1510      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:151011    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:151050    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:151050    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1511      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1512      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:151313    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:151313    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:151313    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1514      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1515      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1515      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1515      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:152       refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:152015    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:152015    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:152015    refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:152015    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1521      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1521      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1521      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:152185    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1524      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1524      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1524      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1524      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1524      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1524      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:152559    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1527      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1528      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1528      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:153       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:153       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:153       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1534      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1534      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1534      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1536      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1536      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1537      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1538      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1539      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1540      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1540      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1540      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1540      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1543      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:1543      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1543      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1544      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:154796    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1548      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1549      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1551      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1551      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1553      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1555      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1555      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1555      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1555      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1557      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1558      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1558      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1559      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1559      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:156       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:156       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1562      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1562      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1562      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1562      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1565      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:157       refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:157       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1571      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1571      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1573      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1576      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1576      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1576      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1576      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:157680    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1577      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:157869    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:157869    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:157869    refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:1579      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1579      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1579      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:157922    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:157922    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:157922    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:157922    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:158       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1580      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1581      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1583      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1583      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:1583      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1583      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1584      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1584      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:158471    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1585      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:158586    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1586      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:1586      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1586      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1586      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:158747    refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:158747    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1588      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1588      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:1589      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1589      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1591      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1591      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:159163    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:159163    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:159163    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1592      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1593      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1593      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1594      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1594      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1594      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1595      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:159963    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:159963    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1600      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1601      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1602      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1602      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1604      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1606      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1606      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1606      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1607      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1607      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1607      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:161       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:161       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:161       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1610      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1610      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1610      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1610      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1610      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1612      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1613      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:1616      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1617      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1617      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1617      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1617      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1618      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1620      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1620      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1620      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1620      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1620      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1621      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1621      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1621      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1629      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:162972    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:162972    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:162972    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:163       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:163131    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1633      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1633      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1635      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:163590    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:163590    refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1636      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1638      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1638      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:164       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:164022    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1641      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1641      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1641      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1641      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1641      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1642      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1642      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1644      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1644      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1644      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1644      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1644      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1644      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:164656    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:164656    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1649      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:1652      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1654      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1654      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1654      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1657      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:166       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1660      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1662      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1663      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1663      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1665      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1667      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1667      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1667      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1667      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1667      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1668      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1668      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1668      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1668      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1668      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1669      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1669      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1669      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:167       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:167       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:167       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1670      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:1670      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1670      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1670      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1671      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:1671      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1671      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1671      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1672      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1672      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1672      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1672      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1672      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1672      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:167227    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:167227    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1673      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1673      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1678      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1678      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1690      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1690      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1690      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:169522    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:170679    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:170680    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:171017    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:171023    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:171023    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:171392    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:171490    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:171546    refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:171558    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:171586    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1716      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1717      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1717      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1719      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1719      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1719      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:1719      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1723      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1725      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1725      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1725      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1725      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1728      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1728      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1729      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1733      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1733      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1733      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1734      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:1734      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1734      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1734      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1737      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1737      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1738      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1739      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1739      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1740      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1740      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1740      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1740      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1740      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1741      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1741      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1742      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1742      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1748      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1749      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1749      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:1749      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1755      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1755      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1755      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1755      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1756      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1757      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1757      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1757      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1757      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1759      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1759      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1759      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1759      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1759      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:176       refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:176       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1761      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1762      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1763      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1763      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1768      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:1768      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:177       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1770      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:1773      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1773      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1773      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1774      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1775      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1775      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1776      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1776      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1776      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1776      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1777      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:178       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:178       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:178       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1780      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1780      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1780      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1780      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1780      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1780      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1783      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1787      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1789      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1791      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1791      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1794      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1794      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1794      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1794      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1794      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1796      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1797      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1797      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1800      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1800      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1800      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1800      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1801      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1801      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1802      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1803      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1803      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1803      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1803      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1803      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1807      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1807      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1807      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1807      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1810      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1810      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1810      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1811      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1811      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:1811      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1811      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1812      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1813      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1813      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1813      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1814      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1816      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:1820      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1820      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1822      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:1822      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1823      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1823      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1823      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1824      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1824      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1824      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1824      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1824      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1825      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1825      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1825      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1825      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1825      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1828      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1828      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1828      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:1830      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1830      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:1830      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1833      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1834      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1837      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1837      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1837      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1837      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1837      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1837      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1837      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1838      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1839      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1841      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1844      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1845      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1846      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1847      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:185       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:185       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1850      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1850      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1850      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1852      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1852      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1854      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1854      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1854      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1857      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1859      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1859      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:186       refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:1861      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1861      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1861      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1869      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:187       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:187       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1874      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1874      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1880      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:1880      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:1880      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1889      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:189       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:189       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1892      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1892      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1893      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1894      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1894      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1894      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1896      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1896      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:19        refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:190       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:190       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:190       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:1902      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1906      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1907      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1908      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1908      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:1908      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1909      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:1909      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1909      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:1909      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:1909      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1910      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1911      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1911      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1911      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:192286    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:192286    refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:192666    refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:192666    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:192666    refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:192670    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:192670    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:192683    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:192683    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:192683    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:192683    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1943      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1948      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:1949      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1949      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1950      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:1950      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:1950      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1950      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1951      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1951      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1951      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:1956      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:196       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:1961      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1961      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1961      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:1961      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1962      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:1962      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1962      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:196403    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:196403    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:196403    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:196441    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:196743    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:196743    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:1968      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1968      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:1968      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1969      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1969      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:196993    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:197       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:197       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1974      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1975      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:1975      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1977      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1977      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1977      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1978      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:1979      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:1981      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1983      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1984      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:199       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1991      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:1991      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1991      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:1992      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:1992      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:1993      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1993      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1993      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1993      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1993      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1993      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1994      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:1996      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:1996      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:1996      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:1996      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:1996      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:1996      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:199731    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:199870    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:20        refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:20        refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:20        refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:20        refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:20        refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:20        refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2001      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2001      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2001      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2001      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2002      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2002      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:200315    refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:200315    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:200315    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:200315    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:200315    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:200316    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:200316    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2004      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2005      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2005      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2005      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2006      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:2006      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2011      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:201134    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2012      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:2012      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2012      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:201254    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2013      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2015      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:201501    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:201501    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:201501    refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2016      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2018      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2018      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2018      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2018      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2018      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:2018      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2019      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2019      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2019      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:2019      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2019      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2020      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2020      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2021      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2026      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2027      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:2027      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2027      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2027      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2028      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2028      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2028      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2029      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:203       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:203197    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:203197    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2033      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2034      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2034      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2035      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2035      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:203611    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:203611    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2038      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2038      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2039      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2039      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2039      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:204       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2041      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2041      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2042      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2042      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2042      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2042      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:2042      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2047      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2047      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2048      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:204851    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:205       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2051      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2051      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2052      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2052      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2053      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2053      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2053      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2053      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2054      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:205564    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:205564    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2056      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2057      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2057      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2057      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2057      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:2057      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2057      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2058      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2063      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:206358    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:206358    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:206358    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:206358    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2064      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2067      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2069      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2069      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2069      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2069      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2070      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2072      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2074      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2078      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:208       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2081      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2081      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2099      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2099      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2099      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:210       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:210       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:210       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2100      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2100      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2104      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2109      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:211       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:211       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2110      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:2110      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2110      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2113      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2113      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2115      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2115      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2115      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2116      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2119      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2119      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:212       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:212       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2120      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2120      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2121      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2124      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2124      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2124      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2124      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2124      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2125      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2125      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:213       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:213       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:213       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:213       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2130      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2130      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2131      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:2131      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2131      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2131      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2131      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2134      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2137      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2138      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2138      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2138      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2138      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:2138      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2139      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2139      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2146      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2146      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2146      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2147      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2149      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2150      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2151      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2153      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2153      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2153      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2155      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2158      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2159      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2159      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2160      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2160      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2160      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2161      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2161      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2162      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2165      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2168      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2168      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2168      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2168      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:217       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2170      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2170      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2170      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:2170      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2170      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2172      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2172      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2172      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:2172      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2173      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2173      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2173      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2173      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2173      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2173      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2175      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2175      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2175      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2175      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2176      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:218       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:218       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:218       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:218       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:218       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2181      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2182      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2182      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2184      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:2184      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2185      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2185      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2185      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2185      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2185      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2189      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:219       refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:219       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2191      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2191      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2192      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:219333    refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:219333    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2194      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:2194      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:219595    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:219595    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:219595    refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:219595    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:219595    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:219595    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:219595    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2196      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2196      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2196      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2196      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:219699    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:219699    refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:220       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2201      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2201      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2201      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:220134    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:220134    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:220134    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2203      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2203      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2203      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2204      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:2204      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2204      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2204      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2204      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2205      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2205      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2205      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2205      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2207      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2207      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2208      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2208      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2208      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2209      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2209      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2209      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2209      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2209      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:220988    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:221       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:221       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2210      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2210      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2210      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2210      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2210      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2212      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2212      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2213      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2213      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:221395    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2214      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2214      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2214      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2214      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:221443    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2215      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2215      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2215      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2215      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:221823    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:221830    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2219      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2219      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2219      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:221981    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:221981    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:221981    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:222       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:222       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:222       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:222       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:222       refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:222       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2220      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2220      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2222      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:222487    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:222487    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:222642    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2230      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2230      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:223117    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2232      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2232      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:2232      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2232      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2235      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2235      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2235      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2237      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2237      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2239      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2241      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2242      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2242      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2242      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2243      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2244      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2246      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2246      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2246      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2246      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2246      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2246      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2247      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2248      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:225       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:225       refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:2250      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2251      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2252      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2252      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2252      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2252      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:2252      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:2253      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2253      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2254      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2254      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2257      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2257      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2257      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2257      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2257      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:2257      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2258      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2259      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2259      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2259      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2259      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:226       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2262      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2262      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2262      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2262      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2262      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2262      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2263      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2263      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2264      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2264      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2264      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2264      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2264      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2264      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2266      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2266      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2267      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2267      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2267      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2268      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2268      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2268      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2268      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2271      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2271      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2272      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2273      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2275      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2275      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2275      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2277      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:22797     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:22797     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:22797     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:22797     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:22797     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:22798     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:22798     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:22798     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:22798     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2280      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22800     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:22802     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:22806     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:22806     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:22806     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22807     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22809     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2281      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2281      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2281      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:22821     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:22822     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:22822     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:22823     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22823     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22824     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22826     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22829     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22832     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22836     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:22836     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:22837     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:22838     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:22838     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:22838     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22844     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:22844     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22844     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:22845     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22849     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:22849     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:22850     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22852     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:22853     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22853     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:22856     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:22858     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:22858     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:22858     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:22859     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22861     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:22861     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:22861     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:22861     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:22861     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:22861     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:22862     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:22862     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:22864     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22865     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:22865     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22865     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:22865     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2287      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:22870     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22871     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:22871     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22873     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22874     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:22875     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:22875     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:22877     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:22880     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22881     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:22881     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:22887     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:22887     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2289      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22890     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:22890     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22891     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:22891     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22891     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:22891     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:22891     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:22891     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:22895     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:22895     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22895     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:22895     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:22895     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:22897     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22898     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:22898     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:22898     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:22898     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:229       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:229       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:229       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:229       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2290      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2290      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2290      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2290      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2290      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:22900     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:22900     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:22900     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22900     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:22900     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:22902     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:22902     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22902     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:22902     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:22902     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:22902     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:22902     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:22902     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:22904     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:22905     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:22907     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22914     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:22914     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:22914     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:22914     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:22914     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:22916     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22916     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22918     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:22924     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22925     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:22925     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:22926     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:22928     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:22928     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:22929     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22932     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22933     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:22933     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:22933     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:22933     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:22933     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:22934     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:22936     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:22937     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:22938     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2294      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2294      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2294      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2294      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2294      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2294      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:22943     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:22943     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:22948     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2295      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2295      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2295      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2295      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2295      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:22950     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22953     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:22954     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22954     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:22954     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:22954     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2296      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2296      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:2296      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2296      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2296      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2297      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2297      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22974     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22974     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:22974     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22974     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:22974     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:22976     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22976     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22976     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22977     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:22977     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:22977     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:22977     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:22977     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:22977     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:22983     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:22983     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22983     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:22983     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:22983     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:22984     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22986     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:22986     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22986     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:22986     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:22987     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:22987     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:22987     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:22987     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:22989     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2299      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2299      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:22990     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:22990     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22990     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:22994     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22996     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:22996     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:22997     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22999     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:22999     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:22999     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23        refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23        refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23        refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:230       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:230       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:230       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:230       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:230       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:230       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23005     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23007     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23008     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23008     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23011     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23012     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:23012     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:23014     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:23014     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23015     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23015     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23015     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23017     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23017     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23017     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23017     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23017     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23017     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23017     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23019     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23023     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23025     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23025     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23025     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23028     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23029     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23029     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:23029     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23029     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23029     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2303      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:23031     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23034     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23034     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:23034     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23034     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:23034     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23036     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23036     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23038     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23039     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23039     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2304      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2304      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2304      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:23040     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23040     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23040     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23040     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23040     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23041     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23041     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23041     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:23047     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23047     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23047     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:23049     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2305      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2305      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2305      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2305      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:23051     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23057     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23057     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23057     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23057     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23057     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23059     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2306      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2306      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2306      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:23060     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23063     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23064     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:23064     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23065     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23066     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23070     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23071     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23071     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23071     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23072     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23072     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23076     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23076     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23078     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23078     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23080     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23081     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23081     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23086     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23086     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:23086     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23086     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23086     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23089     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23089     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2309      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2309      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23092     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23092     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23093     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23097     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23097     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23097     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23099     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:231       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:23108     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23109     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23109     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23109     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23113     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23119     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23119     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2312      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2312      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2312      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:23120     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:23122     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23122     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23122     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23122     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23122     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23122     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23125     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23125     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23127     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2313      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2313      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2313      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2313      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2313      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:23133     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23137     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23138     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23138     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23138     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23138     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23139     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23139     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2314      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2314      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23141     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23142     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23143     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23144     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23148     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23148     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23148     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23148     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23148     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23148     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23148     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23149     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2315      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2315      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:23152     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23152     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23154     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23154     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23154     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23154     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23154     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23155     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23157     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:23157     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:23157     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23157     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23157     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23157     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:23161     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23162     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23163     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:23163     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23164     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:23164     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23166     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:23169     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23169     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:23169     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23170     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23172     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23174     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23175     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23175     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23175     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23176     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23176     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23176     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23176     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23178     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:23178     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23178     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23178     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2318      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23185     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23185     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23187     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2319      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2319      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23190     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23190     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23192     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23198     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23198     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23199     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23199     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23200     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23200     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23205     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23205     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23205     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23205     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23205     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23205     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:23208     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23208     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23208     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23208     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23208     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23208     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23208     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23209     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23209     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23209     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23209     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23209     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23209     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23210     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23210     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23211     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23212     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23213     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:23213     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:23214     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23217     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23217     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23217     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2322      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2322      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23221     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23221     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:23223     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23225     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:23225     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:23225     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23225     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23228     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23230     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23230     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23232     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23232     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23232     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23232     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23234     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23234     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23236     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23236     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23237     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23239     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2324      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23240     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:23240     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23240     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23241     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23241     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23243     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23244     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23244     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23244     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23245     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23245     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23246     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23247     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:23251     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23251     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:23251     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23252     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23253     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23253     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23254     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23254     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23254     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23254     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:23255     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2326      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2326      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2326      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:23263     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23265     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23265     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2327      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:23272     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23274     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23275     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23277     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23279     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23279     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2328      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2328      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2328      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:23281     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:23281     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:23281     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23281     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23285     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23285     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23285     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23286     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23288     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2329      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2329      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23295     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23299     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:23299     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2330      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23300     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23301     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23301     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23304     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23305     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23305     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23305     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23305     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23305     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23305     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23305     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23306     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23306     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23308     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23309     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23310     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23310     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23310     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23313     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23314     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:23316     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23316     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23316     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23316     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23316     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:23321     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23321     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23321     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23321     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23321     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23322     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:23322     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23322     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23327     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23333     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23334     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2334      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23341     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23347     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:23347     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23347     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23347     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23347     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23348     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23349     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23349     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23349     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23349     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23349     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2335      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2335      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23350     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23350     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23352     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23354     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:23354     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23354     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23355     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23357     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23357     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23358     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23358     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23359     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23362     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23363     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23365     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23366     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23366     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23366     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:23368     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:23369     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23370     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23373     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23380     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23382     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23382     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:23383     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23383     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23385     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23386     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23387     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23387     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23387     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23387     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23387     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23387     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23389     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2339      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23390     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23390     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23390     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23392     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23397     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23397     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23397     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23397     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:23398     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23400     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23401     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23408     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:23408     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23408     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23408     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23409     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23409     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23409     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23409     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:23410     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23410     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23412     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23414     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23414     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:23417     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:23417     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23417     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23418     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2342      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2342      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2342      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23421     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23421     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23423     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23424     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23428     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23429     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23431     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23432     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23432     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:23433     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:23433     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23435     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23435     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23436     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:23436     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23439     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23439     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23439     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:23443     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23443     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23446     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23446     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23446     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23446     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23450     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23451     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23452     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:23457     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2346      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2346      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2346      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2346      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2346      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2346      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2346      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23460     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23462     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23464     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23467     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23467     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23469     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23469     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:23469     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23469     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:23474     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23474     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:23475     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23475     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23476     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23476     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23476     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2348      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2348      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:2348      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2348      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2348      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:2348      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23483     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23483     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23484     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23491     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:23491     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23491     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23492     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23498     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23499     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:23500     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23500     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23500     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23500     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23504     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23504     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23504     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23504     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23507     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23507     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23507     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23507     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:23508     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23508     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23508     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23508     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23510     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23511     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23512     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23513     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23516     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23518     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23518     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23518     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23518     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2352      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2352      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23524     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:23526     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:23526     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:23526     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23526     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23526     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:23528     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23530     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:23530     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23530     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23531     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:23531     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23532     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23534     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23539     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23541     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23541     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23542     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23542     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23542     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23542     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23542     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23542     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23544     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23544     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23546     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23548     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23548     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23550     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23550     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23552     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23552     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23553     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23553     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23556     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2356      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23560     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23560     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:23562     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23562     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23562     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23563     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:23563     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:23566     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23566     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23569     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2357      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2357      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2357      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2358      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23585     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23585     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23586     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23587     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23589     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23589     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23589     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23590     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23590     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:23594     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23594     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23594     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23596     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23596     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:23598     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23598     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:23598     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23598     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23600     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23600     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23600     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23600     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23601     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23601     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:23604     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:23608     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23608     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23609     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23613     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:23617     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23617     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23619     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23620     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23620     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23620     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23620     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23620     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23624     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:23625     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23626     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23627     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23630     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23632     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23632     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23632     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23633     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23633     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23633     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23635     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23636     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23636     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23639     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23645     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:23645     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:23646     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23646     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23646     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:23647     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23649     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23650     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:23650     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23650     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:23650     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23650     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:23650     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:23657     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:23657     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:23657     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23657     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:23657     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:23658     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:23659     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23660     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23670     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23670     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:23676     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:23676     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:23676     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23676     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23676     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:23678     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:23682     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:23682     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:23682     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:23704     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:23704     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:23704     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:23708     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23729     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23743     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:23743     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:23746     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23759     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:23761     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:23761     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23762     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23764     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:23765     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:23768     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:23774     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:23786     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:23787     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:23788     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:238       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:238       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:239       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:239       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:239       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2395      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:24        refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:240       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:240       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:240       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:241       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:241       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:24137     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:24137     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:24141     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:24141     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:24141     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:24141     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:24141     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:24142     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:24144     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:24144     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:24146     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:24149     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:24150     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:24150     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:244       refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:244       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:244       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:244       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:244       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:244       refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2444      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:246100    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:246100    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:246721    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:246721    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:246721    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:247       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:247       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:247       refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2475      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2475      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:248       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:248       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2483      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2487      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2487      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:2487      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2487      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2488      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:249       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:249       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2491      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2491      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2491      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2491      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2492      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2494      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2494      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2494      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:250       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:250       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:250       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:251       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:251       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2515      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2520      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2520      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2521      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2521      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2521      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:2523      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2524      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2524      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2524      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2524      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2524      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2525      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2525      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2525      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2525      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2525      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2526      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2527      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2527      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2527      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2527      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2527      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2527      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2528      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2528      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2528      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2528      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2528      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2529      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2529      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:253175    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:253175    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:253190    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:253190    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:253190    refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2533      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2533      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2533      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2533      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2535      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2535      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:2535      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2538      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2538      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2539      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2539      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:253980    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:253982    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:253982    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:253982    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:253982    refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2542      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2542      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2542      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2542      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2542      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2543      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2543      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:254531    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2547      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2548      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2548      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2549      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2550      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2550      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2551      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2551      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2551      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2553      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2553      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2553      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2553      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2554      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2554      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2554      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2555      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2555      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2555      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2555      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2555      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2555      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2556      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2556      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2558      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2558      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2558      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2558      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2559      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2560      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2560      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2560      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2560      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2560      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2560      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:256051    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2562      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2562      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2562      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2562      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:256227    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2563      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2563      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2563      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2564      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2566      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2566      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2566      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2566      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2566      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2566      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2567      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2568      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2568      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2568      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2568      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2568      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2568      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:256949    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2570      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2571      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2571      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2571      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2571      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2571      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2571      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2571      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2572      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2572      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2572      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2572      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2572      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2572      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2572      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2574      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2574      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:257407    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:257407    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:25758     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:25758     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:25758     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2576      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2576      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:25763     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25769     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:25769     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:25769     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:25769     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:25769     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2577      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2577      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:25770     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25770     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:25775     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:25777     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:25778     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:25778     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2578      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2578      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:25780     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:25780     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:25788     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:25788     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:2579      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2579      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:25790     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:25790     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25790     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:25792     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25793     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:25797     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:25797     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:25800     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:25801     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:25802     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:25802     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:25803     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:25803     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:25803     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:25803     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:25803     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:25803     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:25804     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:25804     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25806     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:25807     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25809     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2581      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25813     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:25818     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:25818     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25818     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:25818     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:25820     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25821     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25822     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:25822     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:25828     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:25830     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:25830     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:25830     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:25830     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:25830     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:25833     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:25833     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:25833     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:25834     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:25834     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:25834     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:25834     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:25836     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:25837     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:25837     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:25837     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:25837     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:25837     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:25840     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:25840     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:25842     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2585      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:25850     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:25850     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:25852     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:25852     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:25852     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:25858     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25861     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2587      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:25874     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25888     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2589      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:25893     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:25893     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:25893     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:25893     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:25893     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:25895     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:25895     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:25896     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:25896     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25898     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:259       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:259       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:259       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2590      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:25909     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2591      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:25913     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25915     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:259173    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:259197    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:259197    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2592      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2592      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:259217    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:25924     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:25924     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:259266    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:259266    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:259266    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2593      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2593      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:25932     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:25940     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25940     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:25941     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25945     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:25945     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25956     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:25956     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:25956     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2596      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2596      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2596      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2596      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2596      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2596      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:25961     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25961     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:25966     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2597      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:25974     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:25975     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:25975     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:25975     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:25977     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:25979     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25984     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:25984     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:25984     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25984     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:25984     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:25988     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:25988     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:25992     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:25998     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:26000     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26002     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:26002     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:26007     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26007     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:26007     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:26007     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:26010     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:26011     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:26012     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:26013     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26013     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:26013     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26015     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26025     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:26027     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:26027     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:26030     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:26031     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:26031     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:26031     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:26032     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:26033     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:26033     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:26033     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:26034     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:26034     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26034     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:26035     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26038     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:26038     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26038     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:26038     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26038     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:26039     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26039     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:26043     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26046     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:26046     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:26047     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:26047     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:26047     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:26047     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:26047     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:26048     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:26051     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:26051     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26051     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:26051     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:26051     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:26051     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:26051     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:26051     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:26052     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:26052     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26052     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:26052     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:26052     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:26052     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:26052     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:26056     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26058     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26059     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:26059     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26059     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:26059     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:26059     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:26063     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:26064     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:26073     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26083     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:26085     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:26085     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:26085     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:26088     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26091     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26092     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26093     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26095     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:26095     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26097     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26100     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26100     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26103     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26103     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26103     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26108     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26115     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:26115     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:26115     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:26115     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26119     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:26130     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26130     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26130     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:26130     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26133     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:26135     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26135     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26140     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26146     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:26146     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26146     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:26146     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26146     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2615      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:26150     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:26150     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26151     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:26152     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26152     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26154     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:26154     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:26154     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:26156     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:26165     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26168     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26168     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26173     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26173     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26175     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2618      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2618      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26191     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:26191     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:26191     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26191     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26191     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:26191     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:262       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:262       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2620      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2620      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:26205     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26205     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:26206     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26212     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2622      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:26228     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:26228     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:26228     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26228     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26228     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2623      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26235     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26239     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:26239     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2624      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2624      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2624      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2624      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:26249     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2625      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2625      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2625      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2625      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2625      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2625      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2625      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:26251     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26251     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:26253     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26253     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:26253     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26256     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2626      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:2626      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:2626      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2626      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:2626      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2626      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2626      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2626      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26261     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26261     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26263     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26266     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26266     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:26266     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26268     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26268     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26271     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26271     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26273     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26275     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:26275     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:26275     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:26279     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:26281     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26281     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26285     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:26287     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:26287     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26289     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:26289     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:26289     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:26289     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:26289     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2629      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2629      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:26291     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:26292     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26292     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:26292     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26292     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26298     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:26298     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:26298     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2631      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26330     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26333     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26333     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:26333     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2636      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2637      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2638      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2638      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2638      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2638      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2639      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2639      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2641      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2641      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2641      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2642      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2642      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2642      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2642      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2643      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2644      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2645      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2646      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:26470     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:26476     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26476     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2648      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2649      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2649      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2649      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2650      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2650      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2650      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:26502     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26502     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26502     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26504     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26504     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:26507     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:26507     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2651      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:26511     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26512     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26521     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:26521     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:26525     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:26525     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:26525     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:26528     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26532     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26538     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26538     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26548     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:26548     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:26548     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:26548     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26548     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2657      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2657      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2657      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2657      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2657      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:26574     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26574     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26575     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26576     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2658      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26585     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:26585     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:26585     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:26586     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:26586     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26586     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26589     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2660      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26608     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26609     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2661      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26610     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2662      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2662      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2662      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:2662      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2662      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2662      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:26648     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26648     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26664     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:266740    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2668      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:26692     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2670      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2670      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2670      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2670      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2670      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:26707     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:26707     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2671      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2671      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2671      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:26716     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2672      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2672      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2672      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2672      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2673      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2674      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2674      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:26747     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26748     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26748     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26749     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:26749     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2675      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2675      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:2676      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:26762     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:26762     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2677      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2677      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2678      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2678      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2678      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2678      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2678      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2678      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:2678      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:268       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2683      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2683      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26872     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:26873     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2688      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2688      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2688      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2689      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2689      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2689      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2690      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:2690      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2691      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2692      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2692      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2694      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2695      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2695      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:26952     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:26952     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:26960     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:26998     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:26998     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:27        refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:270       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:270       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:270       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:27000     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27010     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:27010     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27012     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:27012     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:27013     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:27019     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:27019     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2702      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:27032     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:27032     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:27032     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:27032     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:27032     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:27032     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:27033     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27035     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:27036     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:27036     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:27036     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:27036     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:27036     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:27036     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:27037     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27039     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27039     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:27040     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:27040     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:27040     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27042     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:27044     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27044     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2705      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:27063     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:27063     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:27063     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:27065     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:27065     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:27065     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:27065     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:27067     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27069     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27069     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2707      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2707      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:27072     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:27072     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:27074     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:27074     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27074     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27074     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:27076     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:27076     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:27076     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:27076     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:27077     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27077     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:27087     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:27087     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:27087     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:27087     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:27087     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:27087     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2709      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2709      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2709      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2709      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:27090     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:27090     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27092     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:27092     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:27092     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:27095     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27098     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:271       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2710      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2710      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2710      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2710      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:27102     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:27107     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27109     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27109     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2712      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27120     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27121     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:27121     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27123     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:27123     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:27123     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:27123     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:27123     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:27123     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:27124     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:27124     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:27124     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:27124     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:27125     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:27125     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27128     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:27128     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:27128     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27129     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:27129     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:27129     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:27129     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:27130     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27131     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:27134     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27134     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:27136     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27141     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:27156     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27159     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:27159     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:27163     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:27165     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:27165     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:27165     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:27165     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:27165     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:27165     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27173     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:27178     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:27178     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:27179     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:27181     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:27181     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:27183     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:27185     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2719      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:27190     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:27190     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:27190     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:27190     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:27190     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:272       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:272       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27202     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:27202     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:27202     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27229     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:27229     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27231     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:27231     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:27231     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:27232     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:27232     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:27232     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27232     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:27235     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:27236     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:27239     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:27240     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:27240     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27241     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:27241     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27241     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:27244     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:27245     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:27245     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:27246     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:27247     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:27250     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27250     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:27252     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27253     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:27255     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:27255     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:27255     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:27255     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:27284     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:27285     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:27285     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27288     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27289     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:27289     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2729      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:27290     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:27290     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:27290     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27291     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27291     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27293     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:27293     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27293     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:27295     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:27296     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27299     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:27299     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27299     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:27299     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:27299     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:273       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:273       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:273       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:273       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:273       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:273       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2730      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:27302     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:27304     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27306     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:27306     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2731      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2731      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2731      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:27316     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27316     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:27324     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:27324     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:27328     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:27328     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:27328     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:27329     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:27329     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2733      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27334     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:27334     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:27334     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:27336     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:27338     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27338     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:27338     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27343     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27344     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:27345     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:27345     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:27345     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:27345     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:27345     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:27345     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:27346     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27346     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27351     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:27351     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:27351     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2736      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2736      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2736      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:2739      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:274       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:274       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2740      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:27429     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27429     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:27436     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:27436     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:27436     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2744      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2744      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2744      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2744      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2744      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:27445     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:27445     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:27445     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:27445     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2745      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2747      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:275       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:275       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:276       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:276       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:276       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2760      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2762      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2762      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2762      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2762      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2762      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2764      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2764      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2765      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2766      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2769      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2769      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2769      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2769      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2769      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:277       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:277       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:277       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2773      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2773      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2773      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2774      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2774      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2774      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2774      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2775      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2775      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2775      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2775      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2775      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2775      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2778      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2778      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2778      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:278       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:278       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:278       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2783      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2784      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2784      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2785      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2785      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2785      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2785      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2785      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2785      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2786      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2786      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2788      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2788      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2788      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:279       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:279       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:279       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2790      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2790      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2792      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2796      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:2796      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2797      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2798      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2798      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2798      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:280       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:280       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:280       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2800      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2802      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2802      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2804      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2806      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2806      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:280658    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2810      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2810      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2810      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2810      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2810      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2810      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2811      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2811      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2812      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2813      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2813      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2813      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2813      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2813      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2814      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2814      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2815      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2815      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2817      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2819      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:2819      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2820      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2820      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2822      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2822      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2822      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:28227     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:28227     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:28227     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:28227     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:28227     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2823      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2823      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2823      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2823      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2823      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2823      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:28231     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:28231     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:28232     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:28232     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:28232     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:28232     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:28234     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2824      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2824      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2824      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2824      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2824      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2824      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2826      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2828      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:282808    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2829      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:283       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2830      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2830      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2832      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:283232    refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:2833      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:283450    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:283537    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:283537    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2838      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2840      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2840      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2840      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2840      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2841      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2841      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2841      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2841      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2841      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2842      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2843      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:2843      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:284323    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:284366    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:284366    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:284366    refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:2844      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:284403    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:284403    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:284443    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:284443    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2845      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2845      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2845      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:284541    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:284541    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:284541    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2846      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2846      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:285       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:28513     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:28513     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:285190    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:285190    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:285527    refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:285596    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:285596    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:285596    refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:285596    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:285596    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:285596    refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:285598    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:285598    refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:286       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:286       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:286       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:286       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:286       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:286       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2861      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2861      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2861      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2861      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2861      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2861      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2862      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2863      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:286451    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:286451    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:286451    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:286527    refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:286527    refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:286527    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:286527    refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2867      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2867      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:286749    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2868      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2868      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2869      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2870      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:2870      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2870      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2870      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2873      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2874      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2875      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2877      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2877      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2877      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2877      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2877      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2877      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2877      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2879      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:2879      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:288       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2880      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2888      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2888      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2888      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2888      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2888      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2889      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2890      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2890      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2890      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2890      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2890      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2891      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2891      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2891      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2891      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2891      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2891      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2891      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2892      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2892      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2892      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2892      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2892      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2892      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2893      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:28952     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:28955     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:28957     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:28958     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:28959     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:28960     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:28965     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:28965     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:28965     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:28965     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:28965     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:28968     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:28968     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:28969     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:28969     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:28969     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2897      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2897      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2897      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2897      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:28971     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:28971     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:28972     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:28973     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:28977     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2898      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:28981     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:28983     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:28983     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:28983     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:28992     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:28996     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:28996     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:28996     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:28996     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:28996     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2901      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2901      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2902      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2902      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:29028     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29028     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:29028     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:29028     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2904      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2905      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2905      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:29058     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2906      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2906      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:2906      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:29063     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29071     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:29079     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29083     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29083     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29088     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2909      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2909      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:29093     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29094     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:29094     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29094     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:29094     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:29098     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29102     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29103     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29104     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:29104     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:29106     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:29106     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:29106     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:29106     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:29106     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:29106     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:29106     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:29106     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:29109     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:29109     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29109     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2911      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2911      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2911      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2911      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:29110     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:29114     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:29114     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:29114     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:29114     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:29114     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:29114     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:29114     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:29116     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:29117     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29118     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:29118     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:29118     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:29118     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29118     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:29121     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:29121     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:29121     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29121     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29122     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29124     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:29127     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29127     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:29127     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2913      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2913      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2913      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2913      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2913      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2914      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:2915      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2915      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2915      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2915      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2917      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2917      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:2917      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2918      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:2919      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2919      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2919      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2920      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2920      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2920      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2921      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:2921      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2921      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:2921      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:2926      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2926      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2926      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2928      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2931      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2932      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2935      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2935      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:2935      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2937      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2938      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2938      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2938      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2938      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:2938      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2938      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2940      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:2940      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:2940      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2940      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2940      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2940      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2941      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2947      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2950      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2953      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:2953      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2954      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2954      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:2956      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2956      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2956      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:2956      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2956      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2958      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2960      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2962      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2965      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2969      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2972      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:2972      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:2972      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2975      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:29760     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:29761     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29761     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29763     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29766     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:29767     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:29767     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:29767     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:29767     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:29767     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:29767     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:2977      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:2977      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:2978      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:2978      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29780     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:2979      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:29798     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:29799     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29799     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2980      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:29802     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:29802     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:29802     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:29802     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:2981      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:2984      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:2984      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:2984      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:29842     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:29842     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:29842     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:29842     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:29844     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:29844     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:29844     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:29851     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:29851     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29851     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:29855     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:29855     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29881     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:29882     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29888     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29893     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29893     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29894     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29895     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:29895     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29895     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:29895     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:29901     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29901     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29902     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29906     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:29906     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29906     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:29909     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:29909     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:29909     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29909     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:29914     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29915     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2992      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2992      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29922     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:29923     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:29928     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:29929     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:2993      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:29933     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2994      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:29943     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:29947     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:29947     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:29948     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:29949     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:2995      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:29951     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:29951     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:29951     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:29953     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:29953     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:29953     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:29953     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:29954     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29956     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:29959     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29959     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2996      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:29960     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29966     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29967     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29968     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:29968     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:29968     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:29969     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2997      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29974     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:29974     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:29974     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:29974     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:29974     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:2998      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:2998      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:29980     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:29980     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:29980     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:29980     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29984     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:29986     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:29988     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29989     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:29989     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:2999      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:2999      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:29991     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:29991     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:29992     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:29992     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:29992     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:29992     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:29995     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:29999     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:30        refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:30        refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3000      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:30001     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:30009     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3001      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:30012     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:30012     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:30014     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:30014     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3002      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3002      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3002      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3003      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3003      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3003      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3003      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3004      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3004      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3007      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3007      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3008      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3008      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3009      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3009      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3012      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3012      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3012      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3012      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3013      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3013      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3013      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3013      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3014      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3014      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3015      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3017      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3017      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3018      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3026      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3026      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3026      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3030      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3032      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3032      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3034      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3034      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3034      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3034      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3036      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3036      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3036      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:3036      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3037      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3037      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3039      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3039      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3040      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3040      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3043      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3045      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3045      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3045      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3046      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3046      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3047      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3047      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3048      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3048      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3049      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3050      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3050      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3050      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3050      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3052      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3052      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3053      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3055      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3055      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3055      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3055      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3059      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3059      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3059      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3059      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3062      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3064      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3064      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3064      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3064      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3067      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:3068      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3071      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3071      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3071      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3071      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3075      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3077      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3077      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3077      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3078      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3080      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3081      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3081      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3081      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3081      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3081      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:30814     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:30817     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:30819     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:30819     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3082      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3082      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3082      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3082      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:30820     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:30820     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:30820     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3083      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3083      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3083      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:30835     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:30835     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:30837     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3084      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3084      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3084      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3084      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3084      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:30848     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:30848     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:30848     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3087      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3087      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3087      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3092      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:3092      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3097      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3101      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3101      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3101      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3104      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3109      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3109      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3109      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3110      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3110      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3110      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3110      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3110      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3112      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3112      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3117      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3117      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3117      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3117      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3119      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3119      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3119      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3119      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:312       refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:312       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:313       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:314       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3140      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3142      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3145      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3145      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3146      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3148      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3148      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3149      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3151      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3151      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3155      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3157      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3158      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3158      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3161      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3161      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3161      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3161      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3163      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:317       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:317       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:317       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:317       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3170      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:3170      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3170      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3170      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3170      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3170      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3172      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3172      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3172      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3172      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3174      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3175      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3175      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3175      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3176      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:317662    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3177      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:317749    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:317749    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:317762    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3178      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:318       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3181      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3183      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3183      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3184      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3187      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3189      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:319       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3190      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3191      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3192      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3195      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3195      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3196      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3199      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3201      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3206      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:3206      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3206      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3207      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:3207      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3208      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3208      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:321       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:321       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:321       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:321       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:321       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3215      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3215      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3215      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3215      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3216      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3217      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3217      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3217      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3217      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3219      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:322       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:322       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:322       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:322       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:322       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3221      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3226      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3226      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3226      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:3226      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3226      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3226      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3226      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3229      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3231      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3231      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:3231      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3231      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3232      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:3232      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3232      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3235      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:3235      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3236      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:3236      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3236      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3237      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:3237      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3237      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3237      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3239      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3239      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:3239      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3239      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:324       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:324       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:324       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:324       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:324       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:324       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:324       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3240      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3240      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3240      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3240      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3241      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3241      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3242      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3242      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3248      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3248      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3248      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3248      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3249      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3249      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3249      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3249      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3249      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3249      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3249      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:325       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:325       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:325       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3250      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3250      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3250      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3250      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3251      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3257      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3257      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3257      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3257      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:326       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3263      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3265      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3267      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3267      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3267      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3268      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3268      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3268      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3269      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3269      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3269      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3269      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3270      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3270      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3270      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3270      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3273      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3273      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3281      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3281      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3283      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3283      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3284      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3284      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3290      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3290      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3291      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3291      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3291      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3291      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3292      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3293      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:3293      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3293      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3293      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3294      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3294      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3294      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3294      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3294      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3295      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3297      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3297      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3297      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3298      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3298      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3298      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3298      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:33        refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:33        refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:330       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:330       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:330       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:330       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:330       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3300      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:3305      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3308      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3308      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3308      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3313      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3313      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3316      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:332       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:332       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:332       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:332       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:332       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3321      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3329      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:333       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:333       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:333       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:333       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:333       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:333       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3336      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3337      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3337      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3337      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3338      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3339      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3339      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:3344      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3346      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3346      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3347      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3347      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:335       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:335       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:335       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3356      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3356      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3356      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3356      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3357      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3357      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:3357      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3358      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3358      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3358      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3358      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:3358      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3359      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3359      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:336       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3360      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3360      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3360      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3360      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3360      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3361      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3363      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3363      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3364      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:337       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3373      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3373      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3373      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3373      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3375      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3375      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:338       refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:338       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:338       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:338       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3382      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3382      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3382      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3383      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3383      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3383      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3383      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:338324    refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:338324    refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:338324    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:338324    refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:338324    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:338324    refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3384      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:338442    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:338442    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:338442    refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:338442    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:338442    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:338442    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:338442    refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3386      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3386      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:338645    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:338645    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:338645    refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:338645    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:338645    refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:339       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:339105    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:339229    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3394      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3394      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:339479    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:339479    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:339479    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:339479    refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:339479    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:339479    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3396      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:34        refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:34        refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:34        refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:34        refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3400      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:341       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:341       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:341       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3416      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3416      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3416      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3420      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3420      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:342096    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:342096    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:342096    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3423      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3423      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3423      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3423      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3425      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3425      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:342538    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3426      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3426      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3426      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:342926    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:343       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:343       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:343       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3431      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3431      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3431      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3439      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3439      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3439      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:344       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3440      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3443      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3444      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3446      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3447      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:345       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:345       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3451      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3455      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3455      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3456      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:346       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:346157    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3476      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3476      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:347733    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:347733    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:347733    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:347733    refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:347733    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:347733    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:347853    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3479      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:348       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3481      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3481      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3481      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:348158    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:348158    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3483      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3484      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3484      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3484      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3488      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:348995    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:35        refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:350       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:350       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:350       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3508      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3508      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:353189    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:353189    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:353189    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:353500    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:353500    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:353513    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:353513    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:353514    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:353514    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:353515    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:354       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:354       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3543      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3543      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3543      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3547      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3547      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:355       refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3551      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3551      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3552      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3552      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3553      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3553      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3553      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3553      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3554      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3554      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3556      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3556      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3556      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3557      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3557      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3557      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3559      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3559      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:356       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3560      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3560      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3560      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3561      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3561      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3561      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3561      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3561      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3562      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3565      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3568      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3569      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3569      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3569      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3570      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3570      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3572      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3574      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3574      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3575      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3575      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3575      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3575      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3576      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3576      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3576      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3577      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3577      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3579      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3579      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3579      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3579      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3587      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3587      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3589      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3589      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:359       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:359       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3590      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3590      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3592      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3592      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3593      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3593      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3594      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3594      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3595      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3595      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3596      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3597      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3597      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3598      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3598      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3598      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3598      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:36        refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:36        refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:36        refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:360       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:360       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:360       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:360       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3600      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3600      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3601      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3603      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3603      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3603      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3603      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3603      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3604      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3604      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3604      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3605      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:3606      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3606      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3607      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3608      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3608      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3609      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3609      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:361       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:361       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:361       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:361       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:361       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:361       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:361       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:362       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:362       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3620      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3620      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3620      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3621      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3621      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3621      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3621      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3622      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3622      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3622      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3623      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3623      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3623      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3623      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3623      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3624      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3624      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3624      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3624      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3624      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3626      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3630      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3630      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3631      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3631      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3632      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3633      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3635      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3635      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3635      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3635      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3638      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:364       refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:364       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3640      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3640      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3641      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3642      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3642      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3642      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3645      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:366       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:366       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:366       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:366       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:366       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3660      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3662      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3662      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3662      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3662      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3663      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3665      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:367       refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:367       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:367       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3670      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3670      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3670      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:3672      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3672      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3674      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3674      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3674      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3676      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3676      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3676      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3676      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3678      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3678      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:368       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:368       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:368       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:368       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3682      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3683      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3683      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3683      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3683      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3683      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3683      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3684      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3687      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3687      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:369       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3690      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3690      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3690      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3690      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3691      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3692      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3694      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3694      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3694      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3695      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3695      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3696      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:3696      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3696      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3697      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3698      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3699      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3699      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3699      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3699      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3700      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3700      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3702      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3702      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3702      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3702      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3706      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3706      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3708      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3709      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3709      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3709      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3712      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3713      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3713      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3714      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3728      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:373       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3730      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3730      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3735      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3736      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3736      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3736      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3738      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3738      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:373863    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:373863    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:373863    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:374       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:374       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:374       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:374       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:374       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:374       refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3741      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3741      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3741      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:374286    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:374291    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3745      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3746      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3746      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3746      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:374655    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3748      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:374819    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:374819    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:374977    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:374977    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:374977    refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3750      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3750      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:375035    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:375035    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:375056    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:375056    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:375056    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:375057    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:375057    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3751      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3751      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3751      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3751      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3751      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3752      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3752      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:375346    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:375346    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3754      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3755      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:3755      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3756      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3757      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3757      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:375790    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3758      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3758      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3760      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3761      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3761      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3762      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3762      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3762      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3763      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3763      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3763      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3763      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3763      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3764      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:3764      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3764      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3765      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3765      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3765      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3765      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:3766      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3766      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3766      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:3766      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3768      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3768      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3768      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:377       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:377       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3770      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3772      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3772      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3772      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3773      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3773      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3773      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3773      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3773      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3773      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3775      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3776      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3777      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3780      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3780      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3782      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3782      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3782      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:3782      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3783      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3783      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3784      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3784      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:3784      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3785      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3785      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3785      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3785      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3785      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3785      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3786      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:378708    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:378708    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:378948    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:378948    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:378948    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:378949    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:378949    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:378949    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:378950    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:378950    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:378950    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:378951    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:378951    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:378951    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3790      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3792      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3792      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3795      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3795      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3797      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3797      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3797      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3797      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3797      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3798      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3798      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3800      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3800      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3800      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3800      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:3800      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3800      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3800      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3800      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3809      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3809      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3812      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3814      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3816      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3816      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3816      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3816      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3816      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3817      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3817      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3818      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:382       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3820      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3820      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3821      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3821      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3822      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3822      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3823      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3823      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3823      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:3823      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3823      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3824      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3824      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3824      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3824      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3824      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3827      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3827      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:383       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:383       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:383       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3831      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:3831      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3831      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3831      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3831      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:3832      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3832      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3832      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3832      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3833      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3833      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3834      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3835      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3835      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3835      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3835      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3835      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3836      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3836      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3836      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3837      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3837      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3838      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3838      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3839      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3839      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:384       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:384       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3840      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3840      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3841      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3841      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3843      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3843      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3843      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3848      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3848      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3848      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3848      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3848      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3849      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3849      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3850      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3850      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3851      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3851      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3851      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3852      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3852      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3852      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3852      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3852      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3852      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3852      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3853      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3853      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3853      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3853      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3853      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3853      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3854      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3854      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3854      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3854      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3855      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3855      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3855      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:3855      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3855      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3858      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3858      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3860      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3860      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3861      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3861      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3861      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3861      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3861      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3866      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3866      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3866      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3866      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3866      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3866      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3868      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3868      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:387032    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:387032    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:387032    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:387104    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:387104    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:387104    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:387104    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3872      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3872      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3872      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3872      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3872      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3872      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:387263    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:387522    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:387893    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:387893    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:387893    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3881      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3881      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3881      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3882      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3883      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3883      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3884      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3884      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3885      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3886      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3886      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3886      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3887      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3891      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3891      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:389125    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:389125    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:389136    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:389177    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:389177    refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3892      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3895      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:389677    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3897      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3897      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:389730    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3898      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:389856    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:389856    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3899      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3902      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3903      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3903      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3904      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3906      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:390616    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:390616    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:390616    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:390616    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:390892    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:390892    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:390999    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:391       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3918      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3918      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3918      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3925      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3929      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3929      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:393       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:393       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:393       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:393       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3930      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3930      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3931      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3931      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3931      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3932      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3932      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3932      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3934      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3934      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3936      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3936      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3936      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3936      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3936      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3937      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3937      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:3937      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3937      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3937      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3938      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3938      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3938      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3938      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3938      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:3939      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:3948      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3949      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:395       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:395       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:395       refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:395       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3950      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3950      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3950      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3952      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:3952      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:3952      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3952      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3952      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3953      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3954      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3957      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:3957      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3957      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3957      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3957      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3960      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:3960      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:3960      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:3960      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3960      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3963      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3963      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:3963      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:3964      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3964      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:3964      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3964      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3972      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:3973      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3973      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:3973      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:3975      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3975      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3976      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:3976      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:3977      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3977      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3978      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3978      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:398       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:398       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:398       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:398       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:3980      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:3980      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:3981      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:3982      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:3983      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:3984      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:3985      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:399       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:399       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:399       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:399       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:3990      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:3990      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:3991      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:399664    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3998      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:3998      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:399979    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:40        refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:40        refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4001      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4001      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4001      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4004      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4004      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:400451    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:400451    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:400451    refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:400451    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:400451    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:400506    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:400506    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:400506    refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4007      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:400736    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4008      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4008      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4008      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:400966    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4010      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4012      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4012      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:401251    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:401251    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:401251    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4014      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:4014      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:4014      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:4015      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4017      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4018      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4018      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4018      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:402055    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:402055    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:402055    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4023      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4023      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:4023      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4025      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4033      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4033      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4033      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4033      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4033      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4036      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4036      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4036      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4036      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4038      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4038      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4038      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4038      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4040      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:404281    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:404734    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4048      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4048      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4049      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:405       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:405       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:405       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4050      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4050      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4050      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4051      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4051      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4051      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4051      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4052      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4052      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4057      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4057      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:4057      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:4057      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4058      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4059      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:406       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4062      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4062      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4062      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4062      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4062      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4063      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4063      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4063      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4063      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4064      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4064      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4064      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4065      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4066      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4066      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4066      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4066      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4067      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4067      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4067      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4067      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4067      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4068      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4068      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4068      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4068      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:407       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4076      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4077      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:407977    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:407977    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:408       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:408029    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4081      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4081      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:4084      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4084      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4085      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4085      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4085      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4085      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4087      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4087      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4089      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4089      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:409       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4091      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4093      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4093      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4093      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4099      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4099      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4099      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4099      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:41        refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:41        refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:41        refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:41        refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:41        refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:41        refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:410       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:410       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4100      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4100      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4100      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4101      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4102      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4102      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4103      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4103      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4104      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4104      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4105      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4105      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4107      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4107      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4108      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4108      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4109      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4110      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4110      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4111      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4111      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4112      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4113      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4113      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4114      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4115      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4115      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4116      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4117      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4117      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4117      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:4117      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4118      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:412       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:412       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4124      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4130      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4130      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4130      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4130      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4130      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4130      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4130      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4130      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4133      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4133      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4137      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4137      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4137      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4137      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4137      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4137      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:414       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:414       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4140      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:414059    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:414060    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:414062    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:414062    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4141      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4142      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4143      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:414308    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4146      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4148      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4148      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4149      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4149      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:415       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:415       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:415       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:415       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:415       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4150      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4151      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4151      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4151      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4151      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4152      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4153      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4154      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4155      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4155      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4155      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4155      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4155      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4155      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4157      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4157      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4158      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4159      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4161      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4162      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4162      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4168      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4168      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4168      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4168      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4168      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:417       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4171      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4171      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4172      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4173      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4173      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4173      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4173      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4173      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4174      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4174      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4174      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4174      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4175      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4175      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4176      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4176      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4176      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4179      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4179      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4184      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4188      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:419       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:419       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:419       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4191      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4192      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:4192      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4192      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:4192      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4193      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4193      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4194      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:420       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:420       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4201      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4205      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4207      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4208      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4208      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4209      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4214      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4217      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4224      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4224      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4224      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4225      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4232      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4233      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4237      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:4237      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4238      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4238      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4238      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4240      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4241      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4242      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4242      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4242      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4242      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4242      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4245      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4246      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:4246      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4246      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:4246      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4247      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4248      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4250      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:4250      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4250      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:4250      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:425054    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4253      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4253      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4253      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4253      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4253      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4254      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4261      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4261      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4277      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4277      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4277      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4277      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4283      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4283      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4287      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4288      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4288      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4288      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4288      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4289      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:429       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:429       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:429       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:429       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:429       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:429       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:429       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:429       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4291      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4292      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4293      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4293      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4295      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4297      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4299      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:43        refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:43        refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:43        refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:43        refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:43        refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:43        refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:430       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4300      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4301      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4303      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4308      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:4308      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4311      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4311      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4312      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4312      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:4312      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4312      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4314      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4314      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:4314      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4314      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:4316      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4317      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4317      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4318      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4318      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4318      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4319      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:4319      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:432       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:432       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:432       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4320      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:4320      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4321      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4321      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4321      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4321      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4321      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:4321      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4321      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4322      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4324      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4324      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4324      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4326      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4327      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4329      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4329      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:433       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4330      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4331      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4332      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4332      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4332      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4336      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4336      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4336      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4336      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4336      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:434       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4340      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4340      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4340      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4340      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4340      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4342      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4345      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:435       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:435       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:435       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4352      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4353      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4353      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4353      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4354      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4354      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4354      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4356      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4356      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4357      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4359      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4359      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4359      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4360      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4361      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:438       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:43849     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:439       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:440270    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:440270    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:440270    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:440387    refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:440387    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:440738    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:440738    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:441151    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:441151    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:441151    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:441151    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:441151    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:441250    refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:441250    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:441250    refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:441452    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:442186    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:442194    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:442867    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:442868    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4430      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4430      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4435      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4435      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4436      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4438      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4439      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:444       refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:444       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:444       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4440      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:445       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:445       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:445329    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:445347    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:445347    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:445347    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:445347    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:445347    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:445372    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4477      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:4477      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4477      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4477      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:4477      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4481      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4481      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4482      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4482      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4482      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4482      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4485      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4485      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4486      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:4486      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4487      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4487      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:4487      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4488      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4488      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:4488      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4488      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4488      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:4494      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4494      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4494      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4495      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4495      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4495      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4507      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4515      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4520      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4520      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4520      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4521      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4521      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4522      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4534      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4534      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4542      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4542      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4542      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4542      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4544      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4547      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4547      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4547      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4547      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4580      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4582      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:4585      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4585      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4585      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4585      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:4585      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4588      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:4588      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4588      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4589      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4589      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4593      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:4593      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4593      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4593      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4594      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:460       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:460       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:460       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:460       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:460       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:460       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:460       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:460       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4600      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4602      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4602      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4602      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4602      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:4603      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4603      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4603      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4604      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4605      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4605      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4606      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4606      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4606      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4606      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4607      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4607      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4607      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4608      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4608      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4613      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4616      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4616      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4616      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4617      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4618      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4618      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4618      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4619      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:4619      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4619      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4619      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:462       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4620      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:4620      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4620      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4620      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4621      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4621      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4621      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4622      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4622      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4624      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4624      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4624      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4624      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4624      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4624      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4625      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4625      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4625      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4625      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4626      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4626      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:4626      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4626      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4626      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4626      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4629      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4629      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4632      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:4632      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4632      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4632      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4633      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4633      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4633      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4633      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4634      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4634      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4634      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4635      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4635      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4635      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4635      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4640      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4640      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4644      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4646      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4647      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4647      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4647      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4647      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4647      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4647      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4647      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4647      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4647      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4647      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4649      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4649      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4654      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4660      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4661      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4661      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4664      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4665      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4669      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4670      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4671      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4676      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4678      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4678      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4678      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4680      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4680      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4680      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4680      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4680      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4684      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4684      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4684      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4684      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4684      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4684      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4685      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4685      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4686      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4686      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4688      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4688      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4688      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4689      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4689      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4689      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4689      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4690      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4693      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4693      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4693      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4693      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4693      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4693      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4693      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:4693      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:4694      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4695      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4695      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4695      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4695      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:47        refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:47        refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4700      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4703      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:4703      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4703      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4703      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4704      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4705      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4706      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4706      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4707      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4708      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4708      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4709      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4709      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4711      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4711      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4712      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4719      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4719      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:472       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:472       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:472       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4720      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4722      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4723      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4726      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4729      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:473       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:473       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4733      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4733      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4734      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4734      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:474       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4741      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4741      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4741      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4741      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4741      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:474170    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:474170    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:474381    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:474381    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:474382    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:474382    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4744      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4744      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4744      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4744      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4744      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4744      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4745      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4745      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4747      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4747      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4747      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4747      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4747      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4750      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4751      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4751      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4751      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4751      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4752      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4752      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4753      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4753      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4753      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4753      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4758      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4760      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4760      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4761      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4761      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4763      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4763      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4763      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4763      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4771      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4771      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4771      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4771      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4772      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4775      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4775      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4778      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4779      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:478       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:478       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:478       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:478       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:478       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:478       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:478       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4791      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4791      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4791      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4793      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4793      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4794      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4794      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4795      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4798      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4798      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4799      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4799      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:48        refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:48        refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:48        refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4800      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4800      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4800      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4800      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4801      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4804      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4804      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4808      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4808      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4808      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4808      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4808      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4809      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4809      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4811      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4815      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4815      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4815      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4815      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4815      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4815      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4818      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4818      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:482       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:482       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:482       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:482       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:482       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:482       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:482       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4821      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4821      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4821      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4821      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4821      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4821      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4821      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4824      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4824      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4824      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4825      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4826      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4828      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4828      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:483       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4835      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4836      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4836      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4841      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4843      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4843      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4846      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4849      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4850      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4850      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4850      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4852      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4852      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4855      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:4855      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4855      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4856      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4856      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4856      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4857      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4857      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4857      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4857      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4857      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4858      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4858      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4858      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4858      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:486       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:486       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:486       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4860      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4860      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4861      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4862      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4862      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4863      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4868      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4868      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:487       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:487       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:487       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:487       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4878      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4878      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4878      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4879      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4879      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4879      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:488       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:488       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4881      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4881      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:4881      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:4881      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4882      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:4883      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4883      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4884      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4884      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4884      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4884      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:4885      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4885      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4885      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4885      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4885      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4885      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4885      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4886      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4887      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4887      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4887      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4887      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:489       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:489       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:489       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:489       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:489       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4892      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4892      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4892      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4892      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:4893      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4893      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4898      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4898      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4899      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:490       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:490       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4900      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4901      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4901      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4902      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4902      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:4902      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4902      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4902      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4904      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4905      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4905      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4905      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4905      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4905      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4905      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4907      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:4907      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4908      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4908      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:491       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:491       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:491       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:491       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:491       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:491       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:4914      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4914      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4915      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4915      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4915      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4915      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4915      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4916      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4916      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4916      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4916      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4916      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4916      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4916      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:4917      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:492       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:492       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:492       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:492       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4920      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:4922      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4922      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:4922      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:4922      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4923      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4923      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4927      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4928      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4929      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:4938      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4940      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:4946      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4947      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:495       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:495       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:495       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4950      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4952      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4952      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4953      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:4953      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4956      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4956      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4957      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4958      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4958      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4958      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:496       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:4967      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:4967      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4967      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4967      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4968      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4973      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4973      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4973      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4973      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:4973      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:4974      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4974      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4974      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4974      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4974      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:4978      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:4978      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:4978      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:4978      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:4978      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:4978      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:498       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4982      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:4982      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:4982      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:4985      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:49855     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4986      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:49860     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:49860     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:49860     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:4987      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4987      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4988      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:4988      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4990      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:4992      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4995      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:4998      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4998      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:4998      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:4999      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:4999      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5001      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5001      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5002      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5002      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5002      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5003      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5003      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5004      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5004      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5004      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5004      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5005      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5005      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5005      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5005      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5007      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5007      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5009      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5009      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:501       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:501       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5010      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5010      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5016      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:5017      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5017      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5017      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5021      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5021      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5021      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:5021      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:5023      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5023      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5023      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5023      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5024      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5025      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5026      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5026      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5026      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5026      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5027      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5027      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5027      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5027      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5027      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5028      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5028      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5028      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5029      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5029      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5031      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5031      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5031      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5032      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5036      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5045      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5045      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5045      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5046      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5046      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5046      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5047      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:5047      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5047      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:5048      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:50487     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:50489     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:50489     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:50489     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:50506     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:50506     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:50506     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:50507     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:50507     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:50507     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:50507     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:50509     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5051      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:50515     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:50515     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5053      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5053      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5053      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:5054      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5054      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5054      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5054      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5055      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5055      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5055      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5055      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5055      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5058      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:506       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:50613     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:50615     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:50615     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:50615     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:50617     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:50617     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:50617     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:50617     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:50619     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5062      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5062      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:50624     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:50624     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:50626     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:50628     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5063      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5063      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5063      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:50632     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:50632     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:50632     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:50632     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:50632     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:50632     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:50649     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:50649     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5068      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5068      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5068      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5069      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:50700     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:50717     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:50717     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5073      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5074      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5075      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5075      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5076      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5077      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5077      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5078      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5079      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5079      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5079      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5080      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5080      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5080      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5080      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5080      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5080      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:50804     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:50804     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:50805     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:50805     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:50805     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:50809     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5081      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5081      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:50814     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:50814     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:5082      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5083      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5083      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:50831     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:50832     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:50833     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:50834     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:50835     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:50836     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:50837     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:50838     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:50848     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:50852     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:50852     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:50852     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:50855     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:50855     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:50856     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:50856     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:50856     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:50856     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:50856     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:50859     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:50859     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:50859     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:50859     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:50859     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:50859     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:50859     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:50861     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:50861     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:50861     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:50862     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:50862     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:50862     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:50862     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:50863     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:50863     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:50863     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:50863     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:50863     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5087      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:5089      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:509       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:509       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5091      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5094      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5094      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:50943     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:50944     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:50944     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:50944     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5095      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5096      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5098      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5099      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5099      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:51        refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5100      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5100      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5100      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:51002     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:51002     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51003     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51004     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51004     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51005     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5101      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5101      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5101      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5101      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5101      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5101      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:51011     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51011     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51011     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:51015     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:51016     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51016     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51018     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51019     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51020     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51022     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51022     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51023     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51025     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51025     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51025     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51025     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:51026     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51029     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51032     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:51032     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5104      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5104      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5104      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5104      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:5104      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51046     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:51046     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5105      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5105      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5105      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5105      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5105      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5105      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5105      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51050     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51053     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51053     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51053     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51053     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5106      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5106      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51066     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51070     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51072     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51072     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51076     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51076     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51077     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51077     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5108      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5108      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:5108      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5108      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51081     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51083     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:51083     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:51083     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:51083     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51084     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51084     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51085     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51085     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:51086     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:51087     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51092     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51094     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51096     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51097     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51098     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51099     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5110      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51100     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51103     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51103     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51104     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:51104     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51105     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51108     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51108     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:51109     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5111      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5111      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51112     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51118     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51121     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51123     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51123     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51125     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:51134     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:51134     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51135     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:51135     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51136     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51136     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51142     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:51146     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:51146     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:51151     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:51155     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51156     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5116      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51162     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:51167     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51167     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51167     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51168     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51168     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51174     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51176     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:51176     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51176     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51179     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51179     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51179     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51181     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51181     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51181     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51182     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51182     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51182     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51184     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51184     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51184     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51185     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:51191     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51195     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:51195     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51195     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:51203     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51203     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51204     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51204     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51207     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51207     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51207     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51208     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:51208     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:51208     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:51213     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51218     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5122      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5122      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5122      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5122      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51224     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51228     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51230     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51230     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51230     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51231     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51232     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51236     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51236     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51237     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5125      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5126      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5126      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5126      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5126      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5126      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5126      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51265     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51266     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51266     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51267     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51267     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51268     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51268     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5127      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5127      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51270     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51272     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51272     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51274     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51274     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:51274     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51274     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:51276     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51276     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:51279     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51281     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:51281     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51281     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51286     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:51286     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:51286     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:51286     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5129      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5129      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5129      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5129      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5129      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:51293     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51295     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51296     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:51296     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:51297     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:51297     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51298     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:513       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5130      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51302     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51302     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51302     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:51303     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51304     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51307     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51307     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51311     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51312     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51312     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51312     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:51314     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51314     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51320     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51321     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51326     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51327     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51327     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51332     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:51332     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51334     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:51334     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:51334     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:51334     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51337     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51337     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51338     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51338     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5134      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51341     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51343     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51348     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:51348     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:51348     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51348     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:51350     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51351     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51351     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:51351     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5136      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5136      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5136      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:51361     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51362     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51362     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51364     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:51364     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51365     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51365     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:51366     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51368     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5137      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5137      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:51371     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51373     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51377     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5138      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5138      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:51380     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51384     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:51385     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:51385     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51385     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5139      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5139      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:51393     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:51399     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51399     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5140      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5140      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:51402     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51402     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51406     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51409     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5141      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5141      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51411     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:51411     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:51411     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51411     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51411     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:51412     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:51412     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:51412     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:51412     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51422     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:51422     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51422     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:51427     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5143      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51433     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:51438     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5144      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51440     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:51440     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:51440     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:51440     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:51440     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:51442     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51444     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51444     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51451     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51454     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51458     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:51458     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:51458     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51458     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51458     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:51460     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51463     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51463     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51471     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51471     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51477     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5148      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51480     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51481     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5149      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5149      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5149      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51491     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51499     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:515       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51506     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51506     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:5151      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:51510     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51512     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51512     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51512     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51514     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51514     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51514     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5152      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51526     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51526     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51526     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51533     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51540     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51542     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51542     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:51548     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51550     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51555     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:51555     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:51555     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:51555     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:51555     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:51557     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51557     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51557     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51560     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:51560     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:51560     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:51560     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:51560     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:51561     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51561     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51562     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:51564     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51567     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51571     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5158      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5158      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:51582     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51588     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51592     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51592     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51592     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51592     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51593     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51593     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51594     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51596     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:516       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5160      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5160      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5160      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5160      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:51603     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:51603     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51603     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5161      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51611     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:51611     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51611     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51611     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51616     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51616     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:51616     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51617     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:51617     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:51617     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:51617     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:51619     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51619     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5162      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5162      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51621     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5163      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51631     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51631     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:51635     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51635     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51635     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:51635     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:51637     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5165      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5165      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5165      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5165      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51650     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51657     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51659     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51659     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51659     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51659     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5166      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51666     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:51668     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5167      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5167      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5167      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5167      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51678     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51678     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51686     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51686     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51686     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:51691     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51693     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:517       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:51700     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:51700     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51701     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:51702     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51704     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:51704     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:51704     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:51704     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:51706     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:51706     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51706     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51715     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:51715     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51719     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5172      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5172      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:51720     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51725     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:51725     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:51725     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51725     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51729     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:51729     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5173      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5173      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:51733     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51733     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51733     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51733     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51734     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51734     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:51734     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:51734     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5174      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5174      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5174      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5174      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5174      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:51744     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:51744     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51751     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51751     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:51752     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51752     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:51754     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51755     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51759     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51761     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:51761     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:51761     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:51761     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:51761     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:51761     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51761     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:51762     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51762     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:51762     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51763     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51764     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:51778     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:51778     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:51778     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:51778     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51778     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51778     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:51780     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:5179      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5179      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:51805     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51806     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:51806     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:51806     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:51806     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:51807     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:51807     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:51809     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:51809     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5184      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5184      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5187      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5188      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5191      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5191      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5192      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5194      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5195      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5196      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5196      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5196      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5199      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5199      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5199      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5199      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5199      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:52        refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5202      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5207      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5207      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5207      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:521       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5210      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5213      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5218      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5218      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5218      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5222      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5222      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5222      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5224      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5224      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5224      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5224      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5224      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5225      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5225      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5225      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5225      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5225      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5226      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5226      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5228      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5228      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5230      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5232      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5236      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5238      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5238      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5238      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5238      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5238      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5241      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:5241      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:5241      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5243      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5243      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:5244      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5244      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5244      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5244      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5244      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:5245      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5245      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:525       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:525       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5250      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5250      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5252      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5255      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5256      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5257      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5260      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5261      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5264      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5264      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5264      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5265      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5265      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5265      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5266      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5266      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5266      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5266      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5267      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5267      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5267      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5268      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5268      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5268      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5268      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:5270      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5271      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5271      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5271      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5272      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5273      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5273      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5274      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5274      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5274      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5274      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5274      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5275      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5275      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5275      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:5275      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5276      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5276      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5277      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5277      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5277      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5277      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:528       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:528       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:528       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5281      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5283      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5284      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5284      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5284      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5284      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5288      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5288      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5288      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5288      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:5288      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5290      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5292      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5292      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5293      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5293      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5293      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5293      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5293      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5294      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5294      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5294      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5294      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5294      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:53        refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:53        refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5304      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5304      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5304      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:5304      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5305      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5305      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5307      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5307      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5307      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5308      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5308      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5308      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5308      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5308      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5308      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5310      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5310      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5313      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5313      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5313      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5316      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5316      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5316      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5316      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5317      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5317      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5317      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5317      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:5318      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5318      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:5318      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5318      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5318      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5319      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5319      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5322      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5322      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5322      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5322      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5324      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5326      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5328      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5328      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5329      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5329      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5329      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5330      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5330      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5330      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5332      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5332      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5333      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5333      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5333      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:53335     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:53335     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:53335     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:53335     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:53339     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:53340     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:53346     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:53347     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:53347     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:53347     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5335      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:53353     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:53353     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:53353     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:53353     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:53353     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:53353     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:53353     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:53358     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5337      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5337      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:53371     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5338      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5339      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:534       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:534       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:534       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:534       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:534       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:534       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5340      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5340      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5340      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5340      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:53405     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:53405     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:53405     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:53405     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:53405     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:53405     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:53405     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:53407     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:53407     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:53407     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5341      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5341      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5341      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5342      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5342      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5343      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5343      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5345      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5345      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5346      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5346      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5346      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5346      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5346      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:5347      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5347      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5347      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5347      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5350      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5350      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5350      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5350      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5354      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5354      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5354      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5354      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5354      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5354      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:53616     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:53616     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:53616     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:53616     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:53616     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5362      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:53630     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:53630     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:53635     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:53635     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:53637     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5365      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5366      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5367      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5367      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5367      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5368      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5371      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5375      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5375      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5375      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5375      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5375      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5375      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5378      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:53820     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:53822     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:53822     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:53822     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:53822     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:53822     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:53829     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:53829     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:53829     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:53829     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:53832     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:53832     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:53836     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:53836     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:53836     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:53836     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:53836     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:53840     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:53841     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:53841     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:53841     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:53841     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:53842     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:53905     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:53905     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:53905     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:53905     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:53919     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:53919     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:53919     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:53919     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:53919     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:53919     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5393      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5393      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:53942     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:53942     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:53944     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:53944     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5396      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:54        refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:540       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:540       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54014     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54014     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54020     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:54039     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:54039     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5406      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5406      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54069     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54069     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5407      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5407      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5408      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5408      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5409      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:54093     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54101     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54112     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:54112     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:54112     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54112     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:5413      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5413      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5414      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5414      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5414      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5414      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5414      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5414      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:54148     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54148     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54149     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:54149     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54149     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:541578    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:541578    refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:54187     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:54187     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54187     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5420      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54205     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:54205     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54207     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:54209     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:54209     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:54209     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:54209     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:54210     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54210     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:54212     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5422      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5422      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5422      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54221     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54221     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5423      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5423      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5423      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5424      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5426      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5427      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5427      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5427      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:542767    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:542767    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5428      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5429      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5429      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5430      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5431      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5432      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5432      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5433      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5433      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5433      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54332     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:54332     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:54332     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:54332     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:54346     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54360     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:54360     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54361     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:54363     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5438      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5439      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5439      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5439      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5442      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5443      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:54432     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:54432     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:54432     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:54438     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5444      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5444      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5444      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:5444      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54440     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:54440     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:54440     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54440     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54442     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54442     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54454     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54457     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54458     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5446      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5446      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5446      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:54462     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:54462     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54465     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54469     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5447      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5447      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5447      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5447      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:54471     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54472     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54474     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:54474     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:54474     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:54474     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54475     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54476     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:54476     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:54476     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54476     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54476     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54478     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54478     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54478     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54482     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5449      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:54490     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54490     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54490     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54490     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:54490     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:54491     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54491     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:54491     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54491     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:54496     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54498     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:54498     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:54498     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:54498     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:54498     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:54498     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54499     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5450      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5450      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5450      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5450      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5450      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5450      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5450      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54503     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54504     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:54505     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:54509     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:54509     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:54512     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54514     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54518     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54518     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5452      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5452      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:54520     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54520     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54529     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5453      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5453      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54531     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54535     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54535     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54539     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5454      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5454      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5454      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5454      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5454      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5454      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54544     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:54544     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54544     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54544     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:54545     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:54545     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54546     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:54546     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54546     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54546     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54550     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:54550     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54551     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:54558     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5456      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:54566     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5457      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5457      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5457      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54575     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54575     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54575     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54575     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54575     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54576     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54576     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54576     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54576     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54576     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54577     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54577     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54577     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54577     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54577     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54578     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54578     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54578     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54578     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54578     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54579     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54579     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54579     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54579     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54579     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5458      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5458      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5458      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54583     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:54583     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54583     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:54584     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54584     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54585     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5459      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54596     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:54596     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54596     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54596     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:546       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54600     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54600     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54600     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54600     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54600     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54619     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54623     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54626     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54629     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:54629     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54629     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5463      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5463      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5465      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5465      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5465      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5465      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54657     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54657     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54657     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54657     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54657     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54658     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54658     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54658     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54658     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54658     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54659     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54659     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54659     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54659     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54659     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54662     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5467      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5467      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5467      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:54674     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:54676     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54676     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5468      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:54681     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:54682     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:547       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:547       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:547       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:547       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:547       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:547       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:547       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5470      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54700     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54708     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5471      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54715     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:54715     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:54715     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:54715     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:54715     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:54715     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:54715     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54726     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54726     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5473      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5473      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5473      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5473      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:54733     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:54733     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:54738     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54739     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5475      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5475      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5475      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54752     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5476      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5476      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:54763     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54763     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54763     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:54763     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:54766     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54769     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:54769     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:54769     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:54769     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:54769     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:54795     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:54795     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54796     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:54796     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:54796     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:54797     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54797     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54800     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:54800     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54801     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54801     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54806     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:54806     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54806     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:54807     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54809     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54809     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5481      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54810     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:54810     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:54810     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54810     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:54810     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54812     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54816     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54821     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54821     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54825     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54825     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:54825     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54825     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54825     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54826     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54827     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54827     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:54830     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:54830     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54830     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54830     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:54830     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:54830     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:54831     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:548313    refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:548313    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54834     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54836     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:54836     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54836     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:54843     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:54845     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54848     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:54850     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54852     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54852     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54852     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54854     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:54854     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54854     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:54855     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54855     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54857     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:54858     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54860     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54862     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54863     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:548644    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:548644    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:548644    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54866     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:54866     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54869     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54869     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54869     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54870     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54875     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54877     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:54880     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54880     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:54881     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54881     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54882     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54884     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:54885     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:54886     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:54886     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:54886     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:54886     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:54886     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54886     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54892     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54892     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54892     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54897     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54898     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:54898     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54900     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:54900     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:54900     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54900     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:54901     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54904     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:54906     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54908     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54908     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54920     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54922     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:54923     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:54923     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54923     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54923     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54927     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:54927     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54928     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54928     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54929     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54929     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5493      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5493      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54937     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54937     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54939     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54939     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54943     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5495      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5495      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54952     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54958     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:54958     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:54959     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:54959     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:54959     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5496      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54962     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:54962     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54962     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54964     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:54967     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:54967     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:54967     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54968     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:54970     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:54970     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54973     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54976     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5498      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54980     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54986     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54988     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:54988     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:54988     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54988     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54991     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:54993     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:54993     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:54994     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:54996     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:54996     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:54997     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:54997     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:54998     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5500      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55001     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:55001     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55002     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55003     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55007     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55008     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55009     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5501      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55010     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55010     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55012     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55013     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:55013     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55013     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55016     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55016     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55016     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:55016     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55020     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55020     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55024     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:55024     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55026     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55026     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55026     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:55027     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55027     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55028     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55034     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55034     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:5504      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5504      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5504      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55040     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55049     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:55051     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:55052     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55055     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55055     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55057     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:55057     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55057     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5506      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5506      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5506      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5506      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5506      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:55061     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55061     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55061     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55062     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55063     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55065     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55066     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55066     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55068     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5507      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55070     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55071     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55071     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55076     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:55079     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55081     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55081     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55086     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55088     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55088     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55089     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55089     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55089     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5509      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5509      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5509      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55093     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:551       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5510      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5510      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5510      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55100     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55101     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:55101     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55105     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55106     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55110     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55112     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55114     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55114     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55117     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55117     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:55117     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55117     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55117     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55117     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55119     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55124     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55124     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55128     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55128     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:55135     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55135     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55135     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55143     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55143     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55143     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55143     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:55145     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55150     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55151     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55152     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55154     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55159     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55159     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55161     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55163     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55164     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55164     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55165     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55165     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55165     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55166     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55167     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55168     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55168     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55171     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55171     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55173     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55173     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55175     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55176     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55176     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55176     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55176     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55176     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:55176     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55178     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55182     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55182     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:55182     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55182     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55182     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:55183     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55183     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55183     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55188     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5519      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5519      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5519      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5519      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5519      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5519      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55190     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55193     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55194     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55195     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:55195     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:55195     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55195     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55195     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55198     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55199     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:552       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5520      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55200     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55200     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55200     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:55201     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55206     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55206     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55208     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:55208     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:55208     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5521      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5521      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5521      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5521      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5521      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5521      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55211     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55211     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55211     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55212     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55212     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55214     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55215     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55215     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55215     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55217     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55218     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55219     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55220     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:55220     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:55220     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:55222     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55223     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55223     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55224     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55224     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55224     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55224     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55227     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55229     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5523      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5523      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5523      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55231     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55231     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55233     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55233     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55238     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55238     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5524      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55240     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55244     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55244     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55244     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:55245     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55247     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55247     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55249     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55253     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:55253     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55253     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:55256     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55257     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55257     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55259     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:55259     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55259     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55259     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5526      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5526      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55260     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:55267     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55268     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5527      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55273     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:55275     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:55275     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55275     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55277     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55277     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55278     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:55278     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55278     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55278     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55279     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55279     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5528      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5528      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55280     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55281     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55282     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55282     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55282     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:55282     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55283     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55283     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:55286     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55286     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55286     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:55287     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:55287     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55287     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55288     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:552891    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:552891    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55290     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55296     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55296     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5530      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5530      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5530      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55301     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55301     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:55308     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55311     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:553115    refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:55312     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55314     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55314     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55314     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55314     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:55315     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55315     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55317     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5532      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55320     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:55320     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55320     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55320     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55320     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:55321     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55321     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:55324     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:55325     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55325     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55327     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:55327     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55327     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55329     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55329     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:55329     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5533      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5533      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55335     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:55335     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:55335     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55337     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55339     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5534      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5534      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5534      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55343     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55346     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55346     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55346     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55351     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55351     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55355     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55355     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55355     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55357     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55357     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:55357     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55357     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55357     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55357     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:55359     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55361     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55364     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55365     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55367     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5537      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55374     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55379     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55388     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55388     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5539      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5539      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:554       refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5542      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:55422     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55422     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:55423     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:55423     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55423     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55423     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55425     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55425     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:554313    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55432     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55432     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5544      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5544      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5545      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:55454     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55454     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55471     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5550      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55500     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55500     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55500     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:55500     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:55503     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55503     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55503     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:55508     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5551      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5551      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:55510     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55511     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55512     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55515     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5552      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55521     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55521     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55521     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55521     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55521     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:55521     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55521     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55526     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55526     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5553      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5553      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5553      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5553      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5554      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5554      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5554      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5554      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:55540     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55544     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5555      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5555      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5555      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5555      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:55554     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55558     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55559     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:55565     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:55565     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55565     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55567     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5557      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5557      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5557      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55573     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55573     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55576     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55576     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55577     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55578     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55578     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5558      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5558      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55584     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55585     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55589     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55602     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55602     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55612     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55612     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:55612     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:55613     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:55614     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:55617     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5562      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5562      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55623     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55626     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55626     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55628     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:55628     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5563      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5563      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5563      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5563      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55630     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:55630     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:55630     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55633     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55633     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55635     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55635     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55635     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55636     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5564      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5564      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5564      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55640     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55640     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55640     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55640     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:55640     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:55640     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5565      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5565      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55650     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55652     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55652     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55652     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55652     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:55653     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:55653     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55653     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55655     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55655     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55655     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55658     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:55658     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55658     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55662     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55662     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55663     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55666     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55669     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55670     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:55671     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5568      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55681     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55681     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55681     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55686     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5569      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55693     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55703     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55704     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55704     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55704     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55704     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:55704     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55704     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55706     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55706     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55709     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55709     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55711     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55711     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55713     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55713     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:55716     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55720     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55720     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55720     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55722     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55722     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55723     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55723     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55723     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55723     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:55727     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55727     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55729     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5573      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5573      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:55731     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55732     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55732     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55732     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55733     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55733     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:55735     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55737     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55738     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55743     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55744     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55744     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5575      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5575      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5575      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5575      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5575      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5575      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55751     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:55752     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55752     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55753     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55753     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55755     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55758     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55758     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5576      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55762     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55764     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55766     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55768     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5577      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:55770     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55770     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55770     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55775     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55775     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55775     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55776     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55778     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55778     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55779     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55779     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5578      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55784     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55784     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55784     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55785     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55787     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:55787     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55791     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55791     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55793     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:55793     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:55794     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55794     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55795     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55796     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55796     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55796     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55796     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55799     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55799     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:558       refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:558       refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:558       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:55800     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55800     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55800     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55800     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55805     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55805     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55805     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55811     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55811     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55812     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55815     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55815     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55816     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55818     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55821     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55821     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55825     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:55825     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55825     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55827     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55827     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55830     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55830     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55831     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55833     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55835     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55839     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55839     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55839     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55839     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55840     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:55840     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55840     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55840     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55840     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55843     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55844     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55846     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5585      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55851     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:55851     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55852     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55857     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55862     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55862     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:55867     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55867     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5587      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:55872     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55872     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55872     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55876     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55876     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55879     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5588      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5588      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5588      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:55888     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55889     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55889     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55889     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55892     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55905     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55906     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:55908     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:55908     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5591      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55911     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:55911     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55911     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:55911     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:55915     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55916     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:55916     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5592      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5592      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55937     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55937     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:55937     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5594      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5594      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5595      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:55957     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5596      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55966     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:55966     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:55966     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:55966     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:55966     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55968     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:55968     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:55968     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:55969     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5597      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:55972     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:55972     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55974     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:55975     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:55975     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:55975     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5598      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5599      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56        refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5600      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56000     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:56000     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:56000     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56000     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:56001     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56001     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56006     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5601      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56033     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5605      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5606      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:56061     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56061     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:56062     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:56062     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:5607      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5607      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5608      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5608      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5609      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56097     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56098     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56099     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56100     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56100     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56101     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56103     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56104     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56105     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56106     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56108     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56109     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5611      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56110     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56112     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56113     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56114     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56114     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:56124     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:56125     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:56128     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:56128     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5613      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:56134     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56134     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56134     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56134     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56134     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56134     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56135     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56135     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56135     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56135     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56135     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56135     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56136     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56136     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56136     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56136     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56136     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56136     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56137     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56137     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56137     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56137     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56137     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56137     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56138     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56138     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56138     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56138     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56138     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56138     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56139     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56139     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56139     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56139     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56139     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56139     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56140     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56140     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56140     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56140     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56140     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56140     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56141     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56141     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56141     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56141     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56141     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56141     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56142     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56142     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56142     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56142     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56142     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56142     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56143     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56143     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56143     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56143     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56143     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56143     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56144     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56144     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56144     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56144     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56144     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56144     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56145     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56145     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56145     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56145     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56145     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56145     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56146     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56146     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56146     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56146     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56146     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56146     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56147     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56147     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56147     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56147     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56147     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56147     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56154     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56155     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56155     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:56157     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56158     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56159     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56159     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56163     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5617      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5617      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5617      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56171     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:56171     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56172     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56172     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:56172     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5618      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:5618      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5618      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5618      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:5618      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5619      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5620      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5624      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5624      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:56245     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56253     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56253     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:56253     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:56253     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:56255     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56257     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56259     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56269     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56269     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56287     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:56287     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:56288     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5629      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:563       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:563       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:563       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:563       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:563       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:563       refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:563       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5630      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5630      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56300     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:56300     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:56300     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:56301     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5631      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:56311     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56341     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56341     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56341     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56341     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5635      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5638      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5638      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5644      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5644      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5645      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5645      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5646      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5646      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5646      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5646      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5646      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56478     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5648      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5648      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5649      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5649      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5649      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5650      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5650      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5650      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5650      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:5651      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5651      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5651      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5653      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5653      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5653      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5653      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5653      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:56547     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:56547     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:56547     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56548     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:56548     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:5655      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5655      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5657      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5657      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:566       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:566       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:56605     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56605     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56606     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:56606     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:56606     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:56616     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5663      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5663      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56647     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56648     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:56649     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:56649     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:56650     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56650     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56650     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:56650     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56652     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56652     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:56652     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:56656     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56659     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56660     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56660     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56660     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56660     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56660     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56660     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:56667     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:56667     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:56675     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56675     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56675     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56675     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56675     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56675     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56676     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:56681     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:56681     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56683     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:56683     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5669      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5670      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5671      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5672      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:56729     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:56729     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5673      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5675      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5676      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5678      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5680      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5681      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56829     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:56829     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:56829     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:56829     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:56829     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:56833     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:56833     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:56834     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56834     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5686      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5687      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5687      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56886     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:56888     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56888     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56889     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:56891     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:56891     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56894     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56895     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56895     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56895     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:56895     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56898     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:56899     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56899     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56899     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:56899     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5690      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56901     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:56903     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56905     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56906     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56910     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:56911     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:56911     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:56911     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:56915     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:56915     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5692      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:56924     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56926     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:56928     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5693      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:56934     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:56934     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56934     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:56934     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:56934     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:56934     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:56935     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:56937     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:56938     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:56938     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:56938     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:56938     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5694      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:56940     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56941     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56942     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56946     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:56949     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5695      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56954     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:56965     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5697      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:56979     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:56979     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56980     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:56980     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:56981     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:56981     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:56984     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56985     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:56985     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:56992     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:56992     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:56992     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:56994     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:56997     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:56998     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:570       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5700      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5700      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5701      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57016     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:57016     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:57016     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:57016     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:57017     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57019     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57030     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:57030     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57030     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:57030     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5704      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5704      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5705      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57053     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:57054     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:57054     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57054     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:57054     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:57055     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:57055     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57055     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:57055     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5706      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5708      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5708      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57084     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:57084     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:57084     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:57084     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:57084     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:57089     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5709      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57096     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57096     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:57097     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:571       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5710      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5710      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5710      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57101     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:57102     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57103     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:57104     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:57110     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57110     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57110     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:57113     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:57116     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57116     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:57118     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57119     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57125     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57127     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57127     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5713      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57134     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:57135     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:57135     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57135     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:57135     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5714      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57144     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:57144     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57144     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:57144     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:57144     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:57146     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57148     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:57148     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5715      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:57151     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57152     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:57152     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:57152     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:57152     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:57154     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57157     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:57157     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:57157     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:57157     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57157     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:57158     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:57158     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57161     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57165     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:57165     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:57165     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5717      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5717      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:57172     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5718      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57185     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57185     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:57185     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:57185     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:57191     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:57194     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:57194     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:57194     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:57205     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:57211     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:57214     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:57214     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:57215     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57228     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:57228     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:57228     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5723      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5727      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5729      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5729      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5729      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:573       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5731      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5731      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5731      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5731      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5733      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5733      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:5733      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5733      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:5733      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:57333     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:57333     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:57337     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57337     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:57338     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:57338     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5734      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:57348     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:57348     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57348     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:57348     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:57348     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:57348     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:57348     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57369     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5737      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5737      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5737      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:5737      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:57379     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:57379     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:57379     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:57380     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5739      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:57396     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57396     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5740      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5740      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:57402     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:57403     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:57405     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57405     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:57405     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57408     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:57408     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:57408     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:57408     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5741      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5741      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5742      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5743      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5743      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5743      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5743      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5744      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:5744      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:5744      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:57446     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:57446     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57446     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:57446     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:57446     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:57446     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5745      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5745      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:574537    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:574537    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:574537    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5746      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5746      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5746      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:57468     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:57468     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57468     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:57468     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5747      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:57470     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57472     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57476     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57476     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:57476     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:57493     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:57502     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:57513     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:57513     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5753      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:5753      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5753      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5753      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5753      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:5753      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:57535     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:57535     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:57535     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:57535     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:57535     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:57535     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:57535     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:57538     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:57538     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:57538     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:57570     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57570     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:57576     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:57576     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57576     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:57591     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:57591     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:57596     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:57596     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57596     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:57597     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57599     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57599     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:576       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:576       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:576       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:576       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:576       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:576       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57604     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57604     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:57604     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:57610     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:57610     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:57610     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:57615     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57615     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57626     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:57663     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57664     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5768      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:577       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:577       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:577       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:577       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:577       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:577       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:577       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:57706     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:57707     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5771      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57710     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57715     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:57715     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:57716     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:57716     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:57717     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:57717     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57718     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57720     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57720     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:57733     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:57733     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:57733     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:57733     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5774      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5775      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57758     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:57758     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:57761     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5777      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5777      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5777      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5777      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5777      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5778      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5778      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5778      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5778      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5778      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57787     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57794     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57795     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:57795     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:57799     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5780      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5780      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5781      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57817     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:57818     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:57821     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57821     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:57823     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:57823     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:57823     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:57828     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57830     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:57834     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:57834     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:57835     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57835     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5784      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:57862     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:57863     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:57863     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:57863     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:57863     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:57863     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5787      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5787      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5788      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5788      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5788      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5788      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5788      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5789      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5789      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5789      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5789      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5789      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:579       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:579       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:579       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5790      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5790      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5790      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5794      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5798      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5798      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5798      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5798      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5798      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5798      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5800      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5800      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5801      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5801      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5801      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5803      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5803      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5803      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5803      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5803      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5803      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5806      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:5806      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5806      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5806      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:581       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5810      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5810      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5810      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5816      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5816      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5816      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5816      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5816      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5816      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5817      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5818      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:58190     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5824      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5824      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5825      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5825      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5827      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5827      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5828      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5830      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5831      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5831      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5832      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5832      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5833      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5833      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5836      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5836      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5837      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5837      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:58473     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:58473     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:58473     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:58473     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:58473     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:58473     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:58477     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:58477     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:58478     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:58478     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:58478     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:58478     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:58487     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:58487     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:58487     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:58488     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:58488     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:58497     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:58497     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:58498     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:58498     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:585       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:585       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:585       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:585       refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:58500     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:58503     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:58503     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:58504     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:58504     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:58504     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:58509     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:58509     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:58510     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:58510     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:58511     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:58511     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:58511     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:58525     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:58528     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:58528     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:58529     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:58529     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:58530     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:58530     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5858      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5858      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:586       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:586       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:586       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:586       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:586       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:586       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5860      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5860      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5860      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5860      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5862      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5862      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5862      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5862      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5862      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5864      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5864      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5864      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5864      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5865      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5865      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5865      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5865      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5867      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5867      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5870      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5873      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5873      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5874      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5874      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5874      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5875      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5876      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5877      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5877      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5880      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5880      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5880      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5880      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5880      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5884      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5884      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5885      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5886      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5886      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5888      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5888      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5888      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5888      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5888      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5888      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5889      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5889      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5890      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5891      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:5891      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5891      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5891      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:5892      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5892      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5892      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5892      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5893      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5896      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5897      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5898      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:58985     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:58985     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:58985     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:58985     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:58986     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:58986     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:590       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5901      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5901      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5902      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5902      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5903      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5905      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5910      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5910      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5910      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5910      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5910      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:5910      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5910      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5913      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5915      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5916      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:5921      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5922      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5923      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5923      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5923      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5923      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5923      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5923      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5925      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5926      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:59269     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5927      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:59272     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:59272     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5928      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5928      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5929      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5930      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5931      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:5933      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5933      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5933      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5933      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:59335     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:59336     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:59339     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:59339     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:59340     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:59340     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:59340     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:59341     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:59343     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:59344     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:59344     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:59344     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:59348     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:59349     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5939      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5939      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:594       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:594       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:594       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:5940      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5940      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5940      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5947      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:5947      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:5947      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:594855    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5949      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5950      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5950      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5950      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5955      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5959      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:5961      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:5961      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:5962      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:5962      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:5962      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:5966      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5967      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:5967      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5967      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5967      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5968      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:5968      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:5968      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:597       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:597       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:597       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:597       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:5971      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5972      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:5972      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5972      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5973      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:5976      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5977      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5979      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5979      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:598       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:598       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5980      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:5981      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5983      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5983      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5984      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5984      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5984      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5985      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5985      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5986      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:5988      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:5989      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:5990      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:5991      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:5993      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:5993      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:5993      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5994      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:5994      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:5999      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:5999      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:5999      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6000      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6000      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6000      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6000      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6000      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6002      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6002      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6003      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6004      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6004      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6005      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6005      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6006      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6006      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6007      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6007      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6009      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6013      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6014      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6014      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6014      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6014      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6014      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6015      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6015      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6015      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6016      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6017      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6019      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6019      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6019      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6019      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:60314     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6036      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6036      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6036      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6037      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6037      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6037      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:60385     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:60385     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6039      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6039      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:60468     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:60468     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:60468     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6048      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:60484     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:60484     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:60484     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:60484     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:60489     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:60489     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6049      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:60492     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:60493     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:60494     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:60494     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:60494     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:60496     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:605       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:605       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:60506     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:60509     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:60529     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:60558     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:60558     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:60559     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:60560     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:60560     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:60561     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:60626     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:60672     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:60672     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:60676     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:60676     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:608       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:608       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:608       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:608       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:608       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:608       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:608       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:608       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6093      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6095      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6096      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6096      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:6096      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6098      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6098      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6098      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:610       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:610       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:610       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:610       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:610       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6103      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6103      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:611       refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6117      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6118      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6119      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6120      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6121      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6121      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6121      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6123      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6123      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6123      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6123      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6158      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6160      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:6182      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6194      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6194      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6197      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6199      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6199      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6209      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:622       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6224      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6224      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6224      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6224      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6236      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:6236      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6236      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6236      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6236      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6236      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6238      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6241      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6241      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6241      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6241      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6247      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6247      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6248      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6248      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6249      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6249      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6249      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6252      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6252      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6252      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6252      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6252      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6252      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6252      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6253      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6253      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6256      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6257      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6258      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6258      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6258      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6261      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6261      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:627       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:627       refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6272      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6272      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6272      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6272      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6273      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6273      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6273      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6273      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6273      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:6273      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6274      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6276      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6278      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6278      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:6278      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6278      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:6278      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6278      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:6280      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6280      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6283      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6283      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6283      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6283      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6283      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6283      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6285      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6285      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6285      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6285      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6285      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6285      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6286      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6286      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6286      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6286      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6286      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:6288      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:6288      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6288      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6288      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:6288      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6289      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:6289      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6289      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6289      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:6289      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:629       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6291      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6291      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6293      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6294      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6295      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6296      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6296      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:6296      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6296      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6296      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6297      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6299      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6299      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6299      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6299      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6299      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:6299      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6299      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6299      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6300      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6302      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:63035     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:63036     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:63036     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6304      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6305      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:631       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6314      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6314      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6317      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6317      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:6317      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6318      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:6318      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6318      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:6318      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6319      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6319      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6319      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6319      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:632       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6320      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6320      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:6320      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:6322      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6323      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6323      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6323      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6323      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6323      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6326      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6326      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6326      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6327      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6327      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6328      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6328      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6328      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6328      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6328      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6329      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:633       refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:6331      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6331      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6331      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6332      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6332      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:6332      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6332      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6334      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6334      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6335      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6335      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6336      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:634       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:634       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:634       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:634       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6342      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6344      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6344      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6347      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6347      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6348      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6348      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6349      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6349      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:635       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:635       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6351      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6352      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6354      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6355      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:6355      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6355      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:6355      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6355      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6355      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6356      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:6356      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6356      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6357      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6357      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6358      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6358      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6358      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6358      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6359      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6359      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6359      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6359      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6360      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6362      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6362      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6362      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6362      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6363      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6363      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6364      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6364      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:6364      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6364      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6366      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6367      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6368      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6368      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6369      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6370      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6370      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6372      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6372      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6372      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6373      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6373      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6373      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6373      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6374      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6374      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6374      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:6374      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6374      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6375      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:638       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:638       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6382      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6382      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6382      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6382      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6382      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:63827     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:63827     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:63827     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:63827     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:63827     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:63827     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6383      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6387      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:63874     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:63876     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:63877     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6389      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6389      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:63891     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:63891     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:63891     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:63891     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:63895     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:63895     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:63899     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:63899     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:63899     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:639       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6390      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:63904     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:63904     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:63906     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6391      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6391      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:63910     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:63916     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:63917     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:63923     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:63923     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:63924     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:63924     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:63924     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:63924     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:63926     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:63928     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:63928     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:63928     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:63928     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:63932     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:63934     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:63935     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:63935     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:63940     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:63940     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:63940     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:63940     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:63940     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:63943     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6397      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6397      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6397      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:63970     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:63970     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:63970     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:63970     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:63973     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:63974     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:63974     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:63976     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:63982     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:63982     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:63982     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:63982     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:6399      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:640       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:640       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:640       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6400      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6400      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6400      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6401      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6401      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6401      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6402      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6402      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6402      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6402      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6405      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6406      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:64061     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:64063     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:64064     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64066     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:64066     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:64067     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:64067     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:64067     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:64067     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6407      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6407      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:64077     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:64077     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:64077     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:64077     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:64077     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:64080     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64080     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:64080     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:64080     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:64081     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:64081     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:64081     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:64081     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:64081     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64083     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:64087     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:64089     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:64089     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64091     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:64091     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:64091     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:64092     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:64092     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:64092     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64092     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:64092     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:641       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:641       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:64102     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:64102     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:64102     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:64102     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:64110     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:64111     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:64116     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:64116     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:64116     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64116     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:64127     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:64127     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:64127     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:64129     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:64132     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:641339    refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:641339    refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:641339    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:64137     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:64137     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:64146     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64149     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64149     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64151     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64151     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:64151     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:641522    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6416      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:64167     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64170     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:64172     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64174     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:64174     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:64174     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:64174     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:64174     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:64180     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64180     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:642       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:64208     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6421      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64211     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64218     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:64220     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:64220     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:64223     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:642265    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64232     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64236     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6424      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6424      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6424      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:6424      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:6424      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:64240     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:64240     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:64240     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6425      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6425      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6426      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:642636    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:642636    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6427      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6428      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64284     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:64284     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:64284     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:643       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:643       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6431      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64319     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6432      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64320     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64324     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:64324     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64328     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64328     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6433      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6434      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64344     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:64375     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64377     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:643832    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:643834    refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:643834    refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:643834    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:643847    refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:643847    refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:643847    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64386     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:64388     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6439      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:64395     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64395     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64397     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:64397     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:64398     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:644       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6440      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6440      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6440      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6440      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64405     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:64405     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:644096    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6441      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6441      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6441      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64410     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64411     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:64417     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64417     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:64417     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6442      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:6442      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6442      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6442      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:64422     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64430     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64430     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6444      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6444      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6444      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:64446     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:64446     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6445      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6445      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6445      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:644591    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6448      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6449      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:645       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6450      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:645037    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:645037    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:645051    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:645051    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64506     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:64506     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:64506     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:64506     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:64506     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:64506     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64506     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:645073    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:645073    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6452      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6452      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6452      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6452      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6453      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:6455      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6455      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6456      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6456      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6456      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6456      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6456      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6456      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6457      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6457      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6457      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6457      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6457      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6457      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64577     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:64577     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:64577     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:64579     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:64579     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:64581     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:64581     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:645811    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64582     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64582     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:645840    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64591     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:645961    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:646       refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:646       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:646       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:646       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:64641     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:64641     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:64641     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:64641     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:64641     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:64663     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64663     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64693     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64693     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:64699     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:64699     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:64699     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:64699     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:64699     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6470      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6470      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6470      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:647060    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64714     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:64714     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:64714     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:64714     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6472      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6474      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6474      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6474      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:6474      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6474      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:64748     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:64750     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:64763     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64766     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64766     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64768     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:64768     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:64769     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:64769     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6477      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:64771     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64771     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:64777     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64777     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:64779     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6478      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:64781     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:64783     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64785     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64788     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:64789     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:64789     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64793     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:64795     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:64795     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64795     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:64795     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:64799     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:64799     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64799     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:64799     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6480      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6480      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:64800     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64806     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:64806     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64816     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6483      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6484      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6484      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:64840     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:64844     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64847     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64847     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:64847     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:64848     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64849     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:64850     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:64850     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:64850     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:64850     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:64850     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:64850     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:64850     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:64852     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:64859     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:64859     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:64859     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:64859     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:64860     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:64863     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:64863     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64864     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64866     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:649       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6490      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6490      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6490      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:64901     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6491      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6491      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6491      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64919     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:64919     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:64919     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:64919     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6492      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6492      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:64922     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:64922     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:64922     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:64924     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6493      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6493      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6493      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6493      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:6493      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6494      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6494      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6494      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:64940     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6495      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6495      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6495      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6495      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6496      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:64960     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:64960     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6497      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6497      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6497      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6498      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6498      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6498      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6500      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6500      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:65010     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:65012     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:65012     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:65012     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:65012     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:6502      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6502      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6503      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6503      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6503      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6503      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6503      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6504      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6504      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:65055     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:65057     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6506      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6506      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6506      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6506      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6506      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6506      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6507      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6507      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6507      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6507      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6507      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6508      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:65094     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:65095     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:651       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:651       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6511      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6511      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:65110     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:65121     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:65122     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:65124     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6513      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6513      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6513      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6513      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6513      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6513      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6514      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6514      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6514      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6515      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6515      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6515      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6515      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6518      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6518      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6518      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6518      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6518      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6519      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6519      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6519      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6519      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6520      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6520      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6521      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6521      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6521      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6522      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:65220     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:65220     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6523      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6523      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6524      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6524      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6526      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6526      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:65260     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6527      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6527      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6528      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6528      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6529      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6529      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6529      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6529      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6529      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6529      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6529      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:653       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:653       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:653048    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:653067    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:653129    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:653129    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:653145    refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:653145    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:653145    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:653145    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:653145    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:653145    refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:653219    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:653220    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:653247    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6533      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6533      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:653316    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:653361    refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:653361    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:653361    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:653361    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6534      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6534      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:653423    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:653423    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:653489    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:653489    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:653499    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:653499    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:653499    refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:6535      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:653505    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:653509    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:653509    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:653519    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:653519    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:653598    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6536      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6536      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:653641    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:653641    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:653641    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:653643    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:653643    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:653643    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:653659    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:653659    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:653659    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:653659    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:653659    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:653689    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:653689    refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6538      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:653808    refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:653808    refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:653808    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:653808    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6539      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6539      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6539      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6539      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:654       refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:654       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:654       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6540      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6541      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6542      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6542      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6542      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6543      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6543      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6543      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:654341    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6545      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6545      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6545      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6546      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6546      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6548      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6548      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:6548      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6549      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6549      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6549      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:655       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:655       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:655       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:655       refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6550      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6553      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6554      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6555      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6555      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6556      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6556      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6556      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6556      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6557      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6559      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6559      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6559      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:656       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6560      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:6560      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6561      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6563      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6565      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6565      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6566      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6567      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6568      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6568      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6569      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6571      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6571      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6571      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:6571      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6571      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6573      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6573      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6573      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6573      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6573      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6574      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6575      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6575      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6578      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6579      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6579      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6579      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6579      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6580      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6581      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6581      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6581      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6582      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6583      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6583      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6583      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6583      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:6583      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6584      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6585      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6585      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6585      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6585      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6585      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6585      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6588      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6588      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6588      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6588      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:659       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:659       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6590      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6590      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6597      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6597      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:65979     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6598      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6598      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:65980     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:65985     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:65986     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:65986     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:65986     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:65987     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:65987     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:65987     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:65990     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:65997     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:65997     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:65997     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:65997     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:65997     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:660       refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:660       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:660       refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:66035     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:66035     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:66035     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6605      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6606      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6607      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:661       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:661       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:661       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6610      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6614      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6615      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6616      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6616      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6616      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6616      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6616      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6616      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6616      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6617      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6619      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6619      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:662       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:662       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:662       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6620      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6620      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6620      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6620      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6621      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6622      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6622      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6622      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6622      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6622      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6622      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6622      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6623      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6623      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6627      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6627      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6629      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6631      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6632      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6634      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6635      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6636      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:664       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6640      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6641      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6641      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6641      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6641      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6646      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6646      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6646      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:665       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6652      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6652      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6652      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6652      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6655      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6655      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6657      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6657      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6657      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6657      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6657      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6657      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6658      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6658      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:6658      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6658      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6659      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6660      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6663      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6663      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6663      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6663      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6663      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6663      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6664      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6664      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6664      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6664      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6664      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6665      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6665      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6667      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6668      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:667       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:667       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:667       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:667       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:667       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:667       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:667       refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:667       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6672      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6672      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6674      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6674      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6674      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6676      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6676      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6677      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:668       refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:668       refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:668       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6683      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6688      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6688      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6688      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6688      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6689      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6689      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6689      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:669       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:669       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6690      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:6690      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6690      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6690      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6691      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6691      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6691      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6691      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6691      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6693      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6693      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6694      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6694      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6698      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6698      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6698      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6698      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:6699      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6699      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6699      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6699      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:670       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:670       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6700      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6700      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6700      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6701      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6701      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6701      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6703      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6703      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6703      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6707      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6707      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6707      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6708      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:671       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:671       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6710      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6710      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6710      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6713      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6714      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6714      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6714      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6716      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6716      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:6716      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6717      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6718      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:672       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:672       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:672       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:672       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:672       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6720      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6720      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6722      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6722      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6723      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:673       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6731      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6732      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6732      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6732      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6733      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6734      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6734      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6737      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6747      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6747      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:675       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:675       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:675       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6756      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6756      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6757      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6759      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6759      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:676       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6767      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:6768      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:6769      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6769      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6770      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:6770      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6770      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6772      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6772      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6772      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6773      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6775      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6775      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6775      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6777      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6777      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6777      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6779      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6779      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6779      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6780      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6780      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6781      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:6781      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6781      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6781      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6782      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6782      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6782      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6783      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6783      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6783      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6783      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6785      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6786      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6787      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6788      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6789      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6789      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6789      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6789      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6789      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6790      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6790      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6790      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6792      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6793      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6793      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6794      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6794      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6795      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6799      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:680       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6804      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6804      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6804      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6804      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6809      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6809      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6811      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6812      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6812      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6812      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6812      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6812      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6817      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6818      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6819      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:6819      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6819      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6819      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:682       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:682       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6820      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6820      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6820      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6822      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6822      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6829      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:683       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6830      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6832      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6832      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6833      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6833      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6833      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6833      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6833      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6835      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6840      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6843      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6843      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6843      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6843      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6846      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6847      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:685       refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:685       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:6850      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6850      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6850      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6853      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6853      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6853      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6853      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6853      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6853      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6854      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6854      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6854      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6854      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6856      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6857      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6857      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6857      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6857      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:686       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:686       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:686       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6861      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6861      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6861      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6861      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6862      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:6863      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6863      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6863      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:6863      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6863      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:6863      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6863      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6866      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6868      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6868      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:687       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6871      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6871      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6871      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6873      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6874      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6874      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6874      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6877      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6877      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6877      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6878      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6878      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:688       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6880      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6881      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6883      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6883      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6884      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6884      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6885      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6886      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6886      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6888      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6888      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6891      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6891      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6892      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6895      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6897      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:6898      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6899      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6899      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6899      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:6899      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6900      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:6900      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:6900      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:6900      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:6901      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6904      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6904      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:6905      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6906      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6907      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:6907      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6908      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6909      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6909      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6909      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6910      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6910      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:6915      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:6915      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:6915      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6915      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6916      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6916      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6921      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6921      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6923      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:692312    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6924      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6924      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6926      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:6926      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:6926      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:6926      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:6927      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6928      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6928      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:6929      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6929      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6929      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:6929      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6932      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:6932      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6935      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6935      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:6938      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6948      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:695       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:695       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:695       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:695       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:6950      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:6950      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6950      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:6954      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:699       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:699       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:699       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:6996      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6997      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:6997      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:6997      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:6999      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:6999      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:70        refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:70        refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:70        refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:70        refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:70        refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:70        refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7003      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7004      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7005      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7006      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:701       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:701       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:701       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7010      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7011      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7011      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7014      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7015      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7016      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7016      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7019      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7019      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7020      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7020      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7020      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7020      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7020      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:7020      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7021      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7021      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7021      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7021      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:7021      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:7021      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7022      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7022      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:7022      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7022      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7022      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7022      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:7022      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7024      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7024      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7025      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7027      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7029      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7029      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7029      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7029      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7031      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7031      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:7031      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7031      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:7032      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:7032      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7032      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7033      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7033      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:7033      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:7033      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7035      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7035      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7035      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7036      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7036      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7036      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7037      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7037      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7038      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:7039      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7042      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:7042      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7043      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7044      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:7044      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:7044      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7044      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7044      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7046      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7046      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7046      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7047      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7051      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7051      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7051      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7052      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7053      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7053      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7053      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7054      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7054      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7054      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7056      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7062      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7062      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7064      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7064      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7066      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7067      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7067      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7067      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7067      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:7067      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:7070      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7070      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7070      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:7070      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:7072      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7074      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7077      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7079      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:7079      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:7080      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7080      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7080      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:7083      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7084      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7086      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7087      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7089      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7089      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:7089      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7090      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7091      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7091      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7091      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7092      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7092      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7092      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7092      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7093      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7093      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7093      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:7093      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:7093      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7096      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7096      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7096      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7097      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7097      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7098      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7099      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7099      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7100      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7101      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7101      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7101      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:7104      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:7104      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7104      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7104      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7108      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7110      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7111      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:7111      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7112      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7112      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7112      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7112      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7113      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7113      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7113      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:7113      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7113      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:7113      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:7113      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7113      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:712       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7122      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7125      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7125      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7125      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7125      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7126      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7126      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7126      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7126      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:713       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7134      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7134      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7134      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7134      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7134      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7135      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7135      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7135      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7136      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7136      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7136      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7137      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:7137      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7137      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7138      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7138      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7138      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7138      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7138      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7139      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:7139      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7139      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7140      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7140      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7140      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7141      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7142      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7143      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7145      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7148      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:7150      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7150      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7157      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7158      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7163      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7164      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7166      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:7166      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:7166      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7166      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7167      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7168      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:7168      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7168      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7168      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7168      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7169      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7169      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7169      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:717       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7170      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7170      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7172      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7172      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7172      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:7172      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:7173      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7173      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:7174      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7175      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7175      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7179      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7179      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7180      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7180      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7180      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7180      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7181      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7182      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7182      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7182      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7185      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:719       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:720       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7200      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:7200      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7203      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7204      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:721       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:722       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:722       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7222      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7222      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7222      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7223      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:7223      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7223      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:7223      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7223      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7225      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7225      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7226      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7226      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7226      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7226      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:723790    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:723790    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:723790    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:723961    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:723961    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:723961    refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7247      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7247      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7249      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7249      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:725       refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:725       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:725       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7251      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7252      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7253      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7253      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:7258      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:726       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:726       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:7262      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7263      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7265      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7265      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:7268      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7268      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7268      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:727       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:727       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7270      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7270      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7272      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7272      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7272      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7273      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7273      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7273      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7273      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7274      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7276      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7276      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:7276      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7276      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7278      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:727830    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:727837    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:727851    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:727851    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:727897    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:727897    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:727897    refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:727897    refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:727905    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:728       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:728       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:728       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:728       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:728113    refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:728113    refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:728113    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:728113    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:728113    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:728113    refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:728137    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:728215    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:728215    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:728215    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:728215    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:728215    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:728269    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:728269    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:728343    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:728343    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:728358    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:728358    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:728358    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:728358    refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:728358    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:728392    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:728392    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:728392    refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:728392    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:728395    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:728635    refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:728635    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:728642    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:728642    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:728695    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:728712    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:728712    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7288      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:728932    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:728932    refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:729       refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:729       refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:729       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:729       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:729       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7290      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7290      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7290      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:729020    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7291      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7292      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7292      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7292      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729230    refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:729230    refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:729230    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:729238    refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:729238    refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7293      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:729355    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729355    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:729396    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729396    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7294      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7294      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7294      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7294      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:729408    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729408    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:729422    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729422    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:729428    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729428    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:729431    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729431    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:729442    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729442    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:729447    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729447    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7295      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:729528    refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:729540    refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:729540    refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:729540    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729540    refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:729857    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729873    refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:729873    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:729873    refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:729877    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7299      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:729991    refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:729991    refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:729991    refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:729991    refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:729991    refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7305      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7305      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7306      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7306      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:731       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7314      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7319      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:732       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7320      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7320      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7321      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7321      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7322      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7326      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7326      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7327      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7328      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:733       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7332      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7332      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7334      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7335      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7337      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:734       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:7341      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7343      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7348      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7348      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7348      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:735       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7350      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7351      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7351      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7351      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7351      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7351      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:7352      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7352      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7352      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7353      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7356      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7356      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7360      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7360      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7363      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7363      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7368      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7368      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7368      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:7368      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:7368      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:7369      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:7371      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7373      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7374      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7378      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7380      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7380      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7380      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7381      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7384      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7385      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7386      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7389      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7389      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7398      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7398      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7399      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7399      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:740       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7402      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7403      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7403      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:7403      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7403      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7404      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7404      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7407      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7407      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7409      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7409      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7409      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7409      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:741       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:741       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7412      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7414      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7415      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7416      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7417      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7419      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7421      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:7422      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7424      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:7425      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7425      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7425      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7429      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7429      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:7429      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:7429      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7430      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7432      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:7432      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7432      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7432      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:7432      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7432      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:7433      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7433      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7434      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:744       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:744       refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:7441      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7441      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7442      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:7442      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7443      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7443      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7443      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7447      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7447      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7447      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7447      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:7447      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:7447      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7447      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7448      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7448      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:745       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:745       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:745       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:745       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:745       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:745       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7453      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7453      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7453      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7454      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7454      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7456      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7456      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7456      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:746       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7461      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7461      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7461      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:7461      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:7461      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:7462      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7462      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7462      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7462      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7465      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7465      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7468      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7468      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7468      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7468      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:7469      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:747       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7472      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:7472      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7472      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7473      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7473      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7474      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:7474      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7474      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7474      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7474      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7475      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:7475      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7477      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7479      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7481      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7481      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:7481      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7490      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7490      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:7490      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7490      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7490      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7490      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:7498      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7504      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7511      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7511      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:7511      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7512      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:7514      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7517      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7518      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7518      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7518      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:751867    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7520      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:752014    refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:753       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:753       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:753       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:753       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7533      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:7535      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7535      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7535      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7535      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7541      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7541      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7543      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7543      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7543      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:7543      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7543      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7543      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7543      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7543      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7544      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7544      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7544      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7544      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7545      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7545      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7545      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7545      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:7545      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:7545      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:7547      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7551      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7552      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7552      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7554      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7554      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7555      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7556      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7556      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7568      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7568      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:757       refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:7570      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7572      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:758       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7582      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7582      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7582      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7584      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7586      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7587      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7587      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:7587      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7587      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:759       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:759       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:759       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:7593      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7594      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7596      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7597      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:761       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:761       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:762       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7626      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7626      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7626      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:763       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7633      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7634      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:7638      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7639      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:765       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:765       refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:765       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:766       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:767       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7673      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7673      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7678      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:768       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:768       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:768       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:768       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7690      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7690      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7693      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:770       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:770       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:770       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:770       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:7700      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7700      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7702      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7706      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7706      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7706      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7707      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:7709      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:771       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:771       refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:771       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:771       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:771       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:771       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:771       refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:7710      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7710      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7718      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7718      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7718      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7727      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:773       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:773       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:773       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7733      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7738      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7738      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:7738      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7738      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7739      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7746      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7746      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:775       refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:775       refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:775       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7750      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7752      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7752      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7753      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:776       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:776       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:776       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:7766      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7767      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7768      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7768      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:777       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7770      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7773      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7775      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7775      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7776      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7776      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7776      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7779      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:778       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7781      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7781      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7782      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7782      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7783      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7783      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7784      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7786      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7789      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:779       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:779       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:779       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:779       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7799      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7799      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7802      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7802      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7802      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7803      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7803      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7804      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7804      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7804      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7804      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7804      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7804      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:781       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7812      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7813      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7813      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:782       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:782       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7827      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:783       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7840      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7840      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:7840      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7840      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7849      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7849      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:7849      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:785       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:785       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:785       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:7850      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7850      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7850      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:7850      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7850      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7850      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:7851      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:7852      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7852      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7852      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7855      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:7855      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7855      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7857      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:786       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:786       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7862      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7862      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7867      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:7869      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7874      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7874      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7879      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:788       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:7881      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:7881      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7884      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7884      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:78986     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:78987     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:78989     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:78989     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:78989     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:78990     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:78990     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:78992     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:78992     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:78992     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:78992     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:78997     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:78997     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:78997     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:78999     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:78999     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79000     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79000     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79001     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79003     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79004     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:79005     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79012     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:79016     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79017     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79017     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79018     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79019     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79019     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79019     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79019     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:79020     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79020     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79025     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79026     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:79026     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79026     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79026     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:7903      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7903      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:7903      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79033     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79037     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:79037     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:79037     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79047     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79048     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79050     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79053     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79054     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79054     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79056     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79057     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:79057     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79058     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79058     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79058     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79065     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79066     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79070     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:79071     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79075     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79077     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:79078     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79080     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79083     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79083     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:79084     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79084     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79088     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79089     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79091     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79091     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79092     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79092     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79095     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:79098     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79098     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79098     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79098     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:79098     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:79098     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:7913      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79132     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79132     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79137     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:79137     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79140     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79140     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79143     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79143     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:79147     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79147     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79148     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79149     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7915      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79152     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:79152     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:79152     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79152     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:79152     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:79153     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79154     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:79159     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7916      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79168     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79168     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7917      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79170     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:79170     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:79170     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:79170     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79170     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:79170     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79170     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:79174     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79177     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79184     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79184     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79230     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:793       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:793       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:793       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:793       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:793       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:7936      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79366     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79368     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:79368     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:79370     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79370     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:79370     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:794       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:794       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:794       refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:7940      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7940      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:7940      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7941      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:7941      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7941      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7941      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7941      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:7941      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:79411     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79411     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79411     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79412     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79413     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79413     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79413     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79413     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:79413     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:79414     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79415     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:79415     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:79415     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79415     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79441     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79442     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:79442     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79442     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79442     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:79443     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79447     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79447     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:795       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:79568     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79568     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:7957      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79570     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79570     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:79571     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79572     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79572     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:79574     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:79574     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:79574     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:79575     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:79575     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79575     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79577     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79591     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:79591     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79594     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79595     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79596     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79596     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79598     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:796       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:796       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:796       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:796       refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:79600     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79600     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79600     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79600     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:79603     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:79609     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79614     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:79614     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79616     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79616     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79621     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79622     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79623     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79623     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79625     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:79627     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:79629     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79629     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79631     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79635     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79639     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79642     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79645     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79645     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79646     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79648     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79648     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7965      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7965      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79657     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79659     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79659     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79663     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79664     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79668     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:79668     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79669     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79669     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79669     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:79669     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79671     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79671     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79673     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79676     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79677     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79679     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79679     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79679     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79679     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:79682     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79682     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79682     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79682     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79683     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:79685     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79689     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79689     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79689     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:79690     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79690     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:79691     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:79693     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79693     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79694     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79696     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79696     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79697     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79698     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:79698     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:79698     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:797       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:797       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:79703     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79710     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79711     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79711     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79713     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:79713     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:79718     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79722     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:79722     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79722     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79722     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:79723     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79723     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79723     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79725     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79726     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79726     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79727     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79731     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79731     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79733     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79733     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79733     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79733     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79733     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79733     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:79733     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:79736     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79739     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79740     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79740     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79740     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79741     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79741     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79745     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79745     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79746     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79747     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79747     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79748     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7975      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7975      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79751     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:79751     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79751     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79751     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79754     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79755     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:79755     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79755     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79755     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79755     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:79755     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:79760     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79763     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79763     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79768     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79772     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:79772     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79772     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:79777     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79778     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:79778     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:79778     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:79781     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79781     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:79782     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:79782     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:79782     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:79782     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79786     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79789     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79796     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79796     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:79797     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:79797     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79797     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79797     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79799     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:79799     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:79799     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:79799     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79799     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79799     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:7980      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7980      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79800     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79800     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79801     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:79801     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79801     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79801     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79802     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79805     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79805     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79805     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79811     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79813     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79814     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79814     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79816     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:79816     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79817     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:79818     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79818     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:79819     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79819     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:7982      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79820     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79831     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79833     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79833     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79838     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79838     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:79838     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:79838     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:79838     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:79839     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:79840     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79840     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:79840     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79841     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79841     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79841     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79841     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79843     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79846     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79846     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79848     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79848     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79849     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79850     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79850     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79852     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:79852     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79852     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79852     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:79853     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:79861     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:79861     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:79861     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79864     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79864     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79865     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79866     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79866     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79866     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79867     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79868     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79870     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:79870     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79870     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:79870     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79870     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:79870     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79871     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79872     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79872     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79872     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79873     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79875     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:79876     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:7988      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7988      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79882     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79885     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79887     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79888     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:79888     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:79890     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:79890     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79894     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79895     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79895     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:79896     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79896     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79899     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:79899     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79899     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:79899     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:799       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:799       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79903     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79903     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79903     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79903     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:79905     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79908     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:79908     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:7991      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:7991      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:7991      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7991      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:7991      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:7991      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:79913     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79915     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79915     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79919     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79919     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79919     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79923     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79923     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79929     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:79929     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79929     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:79929     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79929     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:79929     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:7993      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79930     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79931     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79933     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:79933     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:79933     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:79933     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79935     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79939     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:7994      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:7994      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:79943     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79944     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79944     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79944     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79946     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79946     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79947     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79947     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:79947     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:79949     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:79949     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:79949     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:79949     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:79953     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:79953     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79953     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:79953     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79953     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:79953     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:79953     refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:79957     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:79957     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79957     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:79957     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79957     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:79957     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:79958     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:79958     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:79958     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79958     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79959     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:79959     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79959     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79959     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79962     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:79962     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:79962     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:79968     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79968     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:79969     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:79969     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:79969     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:79969     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:79969     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79977     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79980     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:79980     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79983     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:79983     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:79987     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:79989     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:79989     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79989     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:79989     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79990     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:79991     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:79991     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:80006     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:80007     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80008     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:80008     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:80008     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8001      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8001      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8001      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:80011     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:80011     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:80011     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:80011     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:80011     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:80013     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:80014     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:80017     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:80019     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80021     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:80023     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:80024     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:80028     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:80031     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:80032     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:80034     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:80034     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:80034     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:80036     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:80036     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:80036     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:80036     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:80036     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:80036     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:80036     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:80036     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:80055     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:80059     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:80059     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:80063     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80067     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80067     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80067     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:80071     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80071     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80071     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:801       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:801       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:801       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:801       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:801       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:80110     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:80110     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80117     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:80117     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:80117     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:80117     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:80124     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80124     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80124     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80124     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:80127     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80129     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:8013      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8013      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:8013      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:80131     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:80143     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:80143     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:80143     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80144     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:80144     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:80144     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:80148     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:80150     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80153     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80157     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:80157     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:80157     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:80157     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:80157     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:80157     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:80167     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80173     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:80173     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80174     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80177     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:80177     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:80183     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:80183     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:80183     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80183     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80183     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80185     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80195     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:80196     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:80198     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80199     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80207     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:80209     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8021      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8021      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8021      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80210     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:80210     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:80210     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80210     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:80210     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:80217     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:80217     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:80217     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80218     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8022      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:80221     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:80221     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:80221     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:80224     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:80227     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:80227     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:80227     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:80227     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:80227     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80228     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80231     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:80231     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:80231     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80231     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:80237     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:80237     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:80237     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80254     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80254     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80256     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80258     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:80258     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80267     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:80267     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:80271     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:80271     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:80273     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80273     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:80273     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:8028      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8028      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8028      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80301     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:80304     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8031      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80319     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:80321     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80323     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:80323     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:80328     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:80339     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:80339     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8034      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:80342     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:80342     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:80342     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80342     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80344     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80344     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:80344     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:80345     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80346     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:80346     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80346     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:80347     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:80351     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:80352     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:80352     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:80352     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8038      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:8038      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8038      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:8038      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8038      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:80380     refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:80380     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8048      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8048      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:8048      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8048      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8050      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8061      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:8061      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8061      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8061      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8061      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8065      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:80700     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80704     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:80704     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:80704     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:80705     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:80705     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:80705     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8073      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8073      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80736     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:80736     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:80736     refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:80736     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:80736     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:80736     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:80740     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:80740     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:80740     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:80740     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:80741     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80741     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80741     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:80742     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80755     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80755     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8076      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:80761     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:80761     refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:80761     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:80761     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:80763     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:80764     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80764     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:80765     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:80774     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:80774     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:80774     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:80774     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80777     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:80781     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:808       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:808       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:808       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:808       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:808       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80829     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:80829     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:80830     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:80830     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8085      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:80852     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:80864     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8087      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8087      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8087      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8089      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8089      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8089      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:80896     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:80896     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:80896     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8091      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8092      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8092      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:80975     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:80975     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8099      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:810       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:810       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:810       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:810       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:810       refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:810       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8100      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81027     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:81027     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:81029     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:81033     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8106      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:811       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:811       refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:8115      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8115      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8115      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8115      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8120      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8120      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8120      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8120      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8120      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8120      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8120      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8125      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8128      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:81285     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:813       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8131      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8131      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8139      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8139      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8139      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:814       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:814       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:814       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81488     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81490     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81491     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81491     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:81492     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81493     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:81494     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:815       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:81501     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8153      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8153      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8153      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8153      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8153      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8153      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81533     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:81537     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:81542     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:81544     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:81544     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:81551     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:81551     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:81551     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:81551     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:81551     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:81551     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:81552     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:81553     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:81554     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:81555     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:81558     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:81570     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81577     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:81577     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:81579     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:816       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:816       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:816       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:81602     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:81602     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81608     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8161      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81611     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:81611     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:81616     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81617     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:81620     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:81620     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:81621     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:81626     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81628     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:81628     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:81628     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:81628     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8165      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81689     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:81689     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81689     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:81691     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:81691     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:81691     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81697     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8175      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8178      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81788     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:81788     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:81796     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:81797     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:81831     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:81847     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:81848     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:81849     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:81850     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:81851     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:81858     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8187      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81870     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:81870     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:81873     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81873     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8189      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8189      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81894     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8190      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8192      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:81929     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8193      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:81930     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:81930     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:81930     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:81931     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:820       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:820       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8200      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8202      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8202      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8202      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8209      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8209      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8209      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:821       refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:821       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8214      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8214      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8216      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8218      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8218      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8218      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8220      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8220      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8226      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8226      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8228      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:823       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8239      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8243      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8243      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:825       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:825       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:825       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:825       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:825       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8266      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8266      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8266      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8266      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8269      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:827       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8270      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8277      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8277      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:8287      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8288      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8289      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8290      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8292      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8294      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8295      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8295      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:830       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8302      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8309      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8309      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:831       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:831       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:831       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:831       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8312      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8314      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8315      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8317      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8317      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8317      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8317      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8317      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8317      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8318      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8318      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8318      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:832       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8321      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:8322      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:83259     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:83259     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:83259     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8328      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8329      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8329      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8329      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:833       refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:8331      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8331      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8331      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8332      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8335      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8337      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8337      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8337      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8339      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8339      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8339      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8339      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:834       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8342      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8343      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8343      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8343      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:83444     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:83445     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:83446     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:83447     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:83449     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8345      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8345      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8345      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:83450     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:83450     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:83452     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:83460     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:83460     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:83461     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:83461     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:83461     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:83461     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:83464     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8347      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8347      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8347      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8347      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8347      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8347      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:83475     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:83478     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8348      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:83480     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:83481     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:83481     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:83481     refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:83482     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:83482     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8349      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:835       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:835       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:835       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:835       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:835       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8350      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8351      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8351      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8351      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8351      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8351      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8352      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8352      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8358      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8359      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8359      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:836       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8362      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8362      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8363      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8363      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8364      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8365      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8365      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8365      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8366      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8366      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8366      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8367      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8368      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8368      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:83696     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:83696     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8370      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:83714     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:83714     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8372      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8372      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8372      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:83729     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:83737     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:83737     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:83740     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:83740     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:838       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8382      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8386      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8387      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8388      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8390      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8392      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8394      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8394      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8394      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8394      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:83942     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8398      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:83988     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8399      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:8399      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:83990     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:83990     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8402      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:8402      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8402      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8403      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:841       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8411      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8411      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8412      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8416      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8416      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8416      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8416      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8416      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:8416      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:84163     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:84168     refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:84168     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:84168     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:84168     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:84179     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8419      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:84193     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:84196     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:842       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:84218     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:84220     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:84220     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:84220     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:84220     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:84223     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:84223     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8424      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:84263     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:84271     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:84271     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8428      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:84288     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:84296     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:84296     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:84296     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:84301     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:84301     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8431      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8431      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8433      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8433      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:84342     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8435      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8435      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8437      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8438      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8438      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8438      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8439      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:844       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:844       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:844       refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:8443      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8444      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8445      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8445      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8448      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8448      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8448      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8449      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:845       refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:845       refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:845       refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:845       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8450      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8450      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8451      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8451      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:84516     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:84516     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8452      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8452      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8452      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8452      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8453      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8454      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:84561     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:84561     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8458      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8458      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8459      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:846       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:846       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:84612     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:84612     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:84619     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:84619     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8464      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:84658     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:84658     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:84669     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8467      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8467      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:84679     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:84679     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8468      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:84720     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:84722     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:84722     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:84722     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:84722     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8473      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:84759     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:84759     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8477      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8477      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8477      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8477      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:84779     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:84779     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8479      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8480      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8480      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:84804     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:84804     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:84823     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:84823     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:84830     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8484      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8484      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:84864     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:8487      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:84890     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:84900     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:84900     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:84900     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:84900     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:84900     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:84900     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:84901     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:84908     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8492      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:84928     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:84939     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:84951     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8497      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8497      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8497      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8497      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:84975     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8498      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8498      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:84986     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:84986     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:84986     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:84986     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:84986     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8499      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8499      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8499      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8499      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8500      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8501      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8501      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8502      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8502      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8502      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8502      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8502      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8503      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8503      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8504      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8505      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8506      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8506      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8506      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8506      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8506      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8507      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8508      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8508      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8510      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:8510      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8513      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:8513      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:8513      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8514      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8514      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8515      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8515      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:8515      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8516      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:8516      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8518      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:8521      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8522      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8522      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8522      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8522      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8522      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8522      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8526      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8528      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:85294     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8530      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8530      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8530      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8532      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8532      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:8533      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8533      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8535      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:85352     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:85352     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:85359     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:85359     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8536      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:85360     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8537      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8537      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8537      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8537      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8537      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8537      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:85377     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8538      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8538      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8539      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8540      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8541      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8541      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8541      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8543      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:8543      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:85452     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:85452     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:85452     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8546      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8546      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8547      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8547      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:85474     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:85474     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:85477     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8548      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:8548      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8548      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8549      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8549      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8549      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8549      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8556      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8556      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8556      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:8556      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8557      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8557      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:8557      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8557      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8559      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8560      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8563      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8564      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8564      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8564      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8564      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8566      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8567      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8567      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8570      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8572      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8574      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8575      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8575      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8577      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8577      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8577      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8577      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8577      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8577      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8577      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8578      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8578      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8578      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8578      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:8581      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8581      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8581      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8581      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:859       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:86        refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:86        refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8600      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8600      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:8600      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:8601      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8601      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8601      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8601      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8601      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8601      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8603      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8604      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8607      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8607      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:8607      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8608      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:861       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:861       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:861       refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:861       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:861       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:861       refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:8611      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8614      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8614      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:8615      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:862       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:862       refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:8621      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8622      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:8624      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8626      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8626      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8626      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8626      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8626      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8626      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8626      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:8629      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:863       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:863       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8630      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8630      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8630      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8630      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:8631      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8631      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8631      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8631      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8631      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8632      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8632      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8632      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8632      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8632      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8633      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8634      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8636      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8636      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8638      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8638      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:8638      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8638      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8638      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:864       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:864       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8641      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8642      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:8643      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8645      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8646      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8646      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8647      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8647      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8648      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8649      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:865       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8651      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8651      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8651      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8653      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8654      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8659      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8659      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:866       refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:866       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:866       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:866       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8669      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8669      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:867       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:867       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:867       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8671      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8671      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8671      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:8671      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8671      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8672      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8674      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8674      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8674      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8675      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8676      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8681      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8681      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8685      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8685      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:8685      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8685      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8688      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8688      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8689      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:869       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:869       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:869       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8692      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8692      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8698      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8698      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8698      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:87        refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:8702      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8705      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8707      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8707      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8707      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8707      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8707      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8707      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:8710      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8710      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:8712      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8712      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8714      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8714      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:8715      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8715      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8715      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8715      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8715      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8718      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8718      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8724      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8731      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8732      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8735      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8735      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8736      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8736      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:8736      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8736      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8739      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8739      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8739      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:874       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8740      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8740      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8741      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8741      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8745      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8745      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8745      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8745      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8745      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8745      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:8748      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8749      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8749      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:875       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:875       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8756      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8760      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8760      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8761      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8761      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8763      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8766      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8766      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8767      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8767      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8771      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8771      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8773      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8773      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8773      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8774      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8776      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8776      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8778      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8780      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8780      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8780      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8780      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8786      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8786      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8787      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8788      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8788      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8788      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8788      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:8789      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8789      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8789      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:8792      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:8792      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8792      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8792      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8793      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8794      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8794      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8794      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8796      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8796      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8796      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8796      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8798      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8800      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8802      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8803      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8805      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8807      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8807      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8807      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8808      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8808      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8809      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8809      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:881       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:881       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8811      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8812      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8814      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:8814      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8817      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:8817      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8817      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:8817      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:8817      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8817      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8819      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8820      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8821      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8822      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8824      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8824      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8824      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8824      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8825      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8825      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8828      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8828      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8828      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8832      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8832      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8832      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8832      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8833      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8834      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8835      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:8835      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8837      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8838      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8839      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8842      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8843      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8843      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8843      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:8843      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8843      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8843      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8843      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:8844      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:885       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:885       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:885       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:885       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:885       refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8851      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8851      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8852      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8854      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:8854      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8856      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:8856      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8856      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8856      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8857      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8857      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:8858      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8858      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8858      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8859      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:8867      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8867      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8867      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:887       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:887       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:887       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:887       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8871      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8871      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8871      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8871      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8874      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8874      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8875      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8875      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8875      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8876      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8876      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:8876      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8876      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8878      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8878      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8878      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8879      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8879      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8879      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8879      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8879      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8880      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8881      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8882      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8884      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8884      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8884      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8884      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:8886      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8888      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8890      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8891      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8892      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8892      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8892      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:8894      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8896      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8897      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8899      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:890       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:890       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:890       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:890       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8900      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8900      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8905      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8908      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8908      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:8909      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:8909      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8909      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:891       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:891       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:891       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8911      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8913      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8913      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8913      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8913      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:8913      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8914      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8914      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8916      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8925      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8926      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8927      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8927      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8927      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8927      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8927      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8929      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:8929      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:8929      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8930      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8932      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8932      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8935      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8935      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8935      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8935      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8936      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8936      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8936      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8936      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8936      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8936      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8938      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8938      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:8938      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8940      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8940      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8940      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8941      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8941      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8941      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8941      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8941      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8942      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:8942      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:8942      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8942      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:8942      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:8942      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8943      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:8945      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:896       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8968      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8969      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8969      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:8969      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8970      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8970      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8970      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8970      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:8970      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:8971      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:8972      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:8972      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8972      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:8972      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:8973      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:8973      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:8975      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:8975      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8975      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:898       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:898       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:898       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:89832     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:89832     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:89832     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:89853     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:89853     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:89853     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:89853     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:8987      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:89870     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:89870     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:89870     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:89870     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:89870     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:89874     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:89874     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:8988      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:8988      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:8988      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8988      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:8989      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8989      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:8989      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:8989      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:899       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:899       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:89910     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8993      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:8997      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:8997      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:8997      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:8999      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9         refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9         refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9001      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:901       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:901       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:901       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:901       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9013      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9014      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:90141     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9015      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9015      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9016      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:902       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9020      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9020      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9021      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:9021      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:9021      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9022      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:9022      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9022      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9022      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9022      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:9023      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:90233     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9024      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9024      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9025      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9025      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9027      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9027      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:90273     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:90273     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9028      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9032      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:9032      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9032      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:90333     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:90333     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9034      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:90362     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:90362     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:90379     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:90379     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9038      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:904       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:904       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:90411     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:90411     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:90411     refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9043      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9043      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9043      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9043      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9043      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9043      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9047      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9047      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9047      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9048      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9049      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:905       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:905       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9050      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9050      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9050      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9051      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9051      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9051      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9051      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9052      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9052      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:9054      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9054      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9055      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9055      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9055      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9056      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9056      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9056      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9057      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9057      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:9058      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9058      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9058      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9063      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9063      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:90634     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:90634     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:90665     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:90665     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:90665     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:90665     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9070      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9070      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9071      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9071      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9071      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9073      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:9073      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9073      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9073      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:9073      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:9073      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9076      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:9076      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9077      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9077      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9077      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9077      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9080      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:90806     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9082      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9083      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9084      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9084      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9085      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9085      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9086      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9086      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:9088      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9088      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:909       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9091      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9093      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9095      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:90957     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9097      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9098      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9099      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9099      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:9099      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9099      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:91        refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:91        refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:910       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9100      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9100      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9100      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9103      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9103      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9104      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9104      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9107      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:911       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:911       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:911       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9110      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:91137     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9118      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9118      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9118      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9118      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9118      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9118      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9119      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:912       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:912       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:912       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:912       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9120      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9121      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9122      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9122      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:91227     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:91227     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:91227     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:91227     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:91227     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:91227     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:91227     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9123      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9123      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9123      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9123      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9123      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9125      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9125      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9125      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9126      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9126      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9128      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:91289     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:913       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:91300     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9131      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9133      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9133      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9133      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9133      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9134      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9134      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9134      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9134      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9134      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9134      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9134      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9135      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:91355     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:91355     refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:91369     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:91369     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9138      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9138      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9138      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9139      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9139      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:914       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:914       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:914       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9142      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9142      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9143      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9143      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9143      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9143      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9143      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9143      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:91442     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9145      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9145      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9145      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9145      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9146      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9148      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9148      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9148      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9149      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9149      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9149      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:915       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:915       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:915       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9150      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9150      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9153      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:9153      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:9153      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:9153      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9153      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9154      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9154      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9154      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:91543     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9156      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9156      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9158      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:916       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:916       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:916       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9169      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:917       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:917       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:917       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9170      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9170      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9172      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:9172      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:9172      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9172      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9173      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9173      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9173      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9173      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:91752     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:91752     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:91752     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:91752     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:91752     refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:91775     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:91782     refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:91782     refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:91782     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:91782     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9179      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9180      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9182      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:9183      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9184      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9184      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9185      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:91860     refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:91860     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:91860     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:919       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:919       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:919       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:919       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9191      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9191      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9194      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:9194      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:9196      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:91966     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:91966     refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:91977     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:91977     refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:92        refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:920       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:920       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:920       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9200      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:9200      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:9200      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9200      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:9200      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9202      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9203      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9205      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9205      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:92086     refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:92086     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:92086     refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:92086     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9209      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:921       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9210      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:92104     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9211      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9211      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9211      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9211      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9211      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9211      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9212      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9212      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9212      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9212      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9214      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9214      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9214      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9214      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9217      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:92170     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9218      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9219      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:922       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:922       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:922       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9221      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9221      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:92211     refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:92211     refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9227      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9228      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9228      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9229      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9229      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9229      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9229      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9229      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:923       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:923       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:923       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9230      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9232      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9232      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9232      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9232      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9232      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:92335     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:92342     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:92346     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9236      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9238      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9238      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:924       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:924       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:924       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9244      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:9244      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:9245      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9245      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:9245      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:9245      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9248      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9248      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:92483     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:925       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:925       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9252      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9254      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9254      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:92552     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:92558     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:92558     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:92558     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:92558     refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:92558     refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:92579     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:92595     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:926       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:926       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9260      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9260      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:9260      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9260      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9261      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9261      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9262      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9262      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9262      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9262      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9262      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9262      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9263      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9265      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9266      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9270      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:92703     refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:92703     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:92703     refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:92703     refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:92703     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9271      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9282      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9282      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9284      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9284      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9293      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9294      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:930       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:930       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9306      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9306      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9306      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:93081     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:93081     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:93081     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:931       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:931       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:931       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:931       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:931       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:9310      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9311      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9311      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9311      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9311      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9311      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:93129     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9313      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9315      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9315      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9315      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:9315      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9318      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9319      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9319      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9319      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:932       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:932       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9320      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9326      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9329      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:933       refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:933       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:933       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:933       refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9331      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9331      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9331      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9331      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9333      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:9334      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9337      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9337      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:93408     refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9342      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:93436     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9344      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9344      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9344      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9344      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9348      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9348      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9350      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9351      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9352      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:9355      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9355      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9355      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:9355      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9355      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9355      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9356      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9358      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:9358      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:93594     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9361      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9362      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9362      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9362      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9362      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9362      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9362      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9362      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9363      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9363      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9363      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9363      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9363      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9363      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9363      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:9364      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:93643     refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9365      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9365      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9365      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9365      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:93659     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:93664     refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9368      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9369      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9369      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9369      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9369      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9370      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:9373      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9376      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9376      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9377      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9378      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9378      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9378      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9378      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9378      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9379      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9379      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9379      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9379      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9379      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9379      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9379      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9380      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9380      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9388      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9388      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9388      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9388      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:939       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:939       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:939       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9390      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9391      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9394      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9397      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:93974     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9398      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9398      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:94        refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:940       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:940       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:940       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:940       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:940       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9400      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9402      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:94025     refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:94025     refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:94026     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:94027     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9404      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9404      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9404      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9404      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9407      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9407      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9407      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:94081     refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:94081     refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9409      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9410      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9410      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9410      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:94104     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:94104     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:94104     refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:94115     refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9412      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9413      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:9419      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9419      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:942       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:942       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:942       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:942       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9420      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9421      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:9421      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:9421      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9423      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:94239     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:94239     refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9425      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9426      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9426      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9427      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9427      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9427      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9436      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9437      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9439      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:944       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:944       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9440      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9442      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9443      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9444      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9444      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9444      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9444      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9444      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9446      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9447      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9447      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9447      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9447      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9448      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:945       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9450      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9450      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9452      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9453      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9453      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9454      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9454      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9457      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:946       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:946       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9462      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:9462      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9462      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9465      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9466      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9466      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9466      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9466      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9466      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9467      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9468      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9469      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9469      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9473      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9473      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9473      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9477      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9478      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9478      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9478      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9478      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9479      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9479      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9479      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9479      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9479      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9480      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:9480      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9480      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9482      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9489      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9489      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9489      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9489      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9489      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9489      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:949       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:949       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:949       refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9491      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9491      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9493      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9493      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9493      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9495      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9497      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9498      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9498      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9498      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9498      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9498      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9498      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9498      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9499      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9499      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:95        refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:95        refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9501      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9501      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:9501      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9503      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9506      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:9506      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9506      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9506      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9508      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9509      refexo:v10_40 血           Blood          動脈         Eye
ncbigene:9509      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:9509      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:951       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:951       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:951       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:951       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:951       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9514      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9514      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9514      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9514      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9514      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9514      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9514      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9515      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9515      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9515      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9517      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9517      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9517      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9518      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9518      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9518      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9518      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9519      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:952       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:952       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:952       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9520      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9520      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9522      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9525      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9529      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:953       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9530      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9530      refexo:v17_40 結           Connective     脂肪         Adipose
ncbigene:9535      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9535      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9535      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9535      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9535      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9536      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9538      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9540      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9540      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9541      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9542      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9542      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9552      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9553      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9553      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9555      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9555      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:956       refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9562      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9563      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9567      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9568      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9568      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9568      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9568      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9568      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9568      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9568      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:957       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:957       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:957       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:957       refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9570      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9570      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9572      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:9573      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9576      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9576      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9576      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9576      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9577      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9582      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9582      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9585      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9585      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9585      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9586      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9589      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9589      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:959       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:959       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9595      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9595      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9595      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9595      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9595      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:9595      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9601      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:9603      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9604      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9607      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9609      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9609      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:9611      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9617      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9618      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9618      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:962       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:962       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:962       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:962       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9620      refexo:v11_40 血           Blood          静脈         Vein
ncbigene:9620      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:9620      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9623      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9625      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9625      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9625      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9625      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9625      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9625      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9627      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:9628      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:963       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:963       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:963       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:963       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:963       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9631      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9631      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9632      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9633      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9635      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9635      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:9635      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9635      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:9637      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9638      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9638      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9638      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9638      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9638      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9638      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9640      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9641      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9641      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9645      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9645      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9645      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:9650      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9653      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9654      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9655      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9656      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9657      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9658      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:9658      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9658      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9659      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9659      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:9659      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:966       refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9662      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9663      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9666      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9666      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9670      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9670      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9670      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9670      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9670      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9670      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9673      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9674      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:96764     refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9677      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9677      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9679      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9683      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9683      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9687      refexo:v20_40 殖           Reproductive   子宮         Uterus
ncbigene:9687      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9687      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9687      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9687      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9687      refexo:v39_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 乳腺         Breast
ncbigene:9688      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:969       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:969       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:969       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:969       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:969       refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9690      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9692      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9692      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9693      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9695      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9699      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9699      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9699      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9699      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9699      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9699      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9700      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9700      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9700      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9700      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9701      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9701      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9702      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9702      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9704      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9705      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9705      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9705      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9705      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9705      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9705      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9705      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9706      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9706      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9706      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9708      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9709      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:971       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:971       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:971       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9712      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9712      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9712      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9715      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9715      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9715      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9715      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9715      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9715      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9716      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9717      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9717      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9717      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9717      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9717      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9719      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9721      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9722      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9725      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9727      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9727      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9729      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9729      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9729      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9729      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:973       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:973       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:973       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:973       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:973       refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:9730      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9733      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9734      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9735      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9735      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9735      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9736      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9736      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9739      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:974       refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:974       refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:974       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9742      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9742      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9742      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:9743      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9744      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9744      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9744      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9744      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9745      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9745      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9745      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9745      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9745      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9745      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9746      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9748      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9749      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9749      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9750      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9750      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9750      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9750      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9750      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9751      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9751      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9751      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9752      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9752      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9752      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9752      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9752      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9752      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9752      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9753      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9753      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9754      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9754      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9754      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9757      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9757      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9758      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9758      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9758      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9760      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9760      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9762      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9764      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9764      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9764      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9764      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9764      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9765      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9767      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9767      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9767      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9768      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9768      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9771      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9771      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9771      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9771      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9774      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9776      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9776      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9777      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:978       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:978       refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:978       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:978       refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9783      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9783      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9783      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9783      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9783      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9786      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9786      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9787      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9787      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9787      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9788      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:9788      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9788      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9789      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9789      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9792      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9794      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9796      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9796      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9797      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9810      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9813      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9814      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9814      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9815      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9815      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9815      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9815      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9816      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9817      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9819      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9819      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9820      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9824      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9824      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9825      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9826      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9826      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9829      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9829      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9829      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9829      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9829      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9829      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9829      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:983       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:983       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:983       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9830      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9830      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9830      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9831      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9832      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9832      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9832      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9832      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9832      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9832      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9833      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9833      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9833      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9833      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9837      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9837      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9837      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:984       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:984       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9842      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9846      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9848      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9849      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9856      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9856      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9856      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9856      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9856      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9857      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9857      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9861      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9861      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9865      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9865      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9865      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9865      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9866      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9866      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9869      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9869      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9874      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9874      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9874      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9878      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9878      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9878      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9878      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9879      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9880      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9884      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9884      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9885      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9885      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9886      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9886      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9887      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9887      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9889      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9890      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9890      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9890      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9892      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9892      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9892      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9892      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9892      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9892      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9892      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9897      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9898      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9898      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9899      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9899      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9899      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9899      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:990       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:990       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:990       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9900      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9900      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9900      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9900      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9900      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9900      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9901      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9904      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9904      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9904      refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:9905      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9906      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9908      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9908      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9908      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9909      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:991       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:991       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:991       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:991       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:991       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9911      refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:9911      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9911      refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:9911      refexo:v04_40 脳           Brain          脳梁         Corpus callosum/Glia
ncbigene:9911      refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9911      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9914      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9914      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9914      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9918      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9918      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9918      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9921      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9921      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9921      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9923      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9925      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9927      refexo:v25_40 筋           Muscular       心臓         Heart
ncbigene:9927      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:9928      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9928      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9928      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:993       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:993       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:993       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9931      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9938      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9938      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9938      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9938      refexo:v32_40 肺           Lung           肺           Lung
ncbigene:9940      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9940      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9941      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9942      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9943      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9947      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:995       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:995       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:995       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:995       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9955      refexo:v12_40 血           Blood          リンパ節     Lymphnode
ncbigene:9955      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9955      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9955      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9956      refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:9957      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9957      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9957      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9958      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9958      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9958      refexo:v26_40 筋           Muscular       骨格筋       Muscle
ncbigene:996       refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:996       refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:996       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9962      refexo:v21_40 殖           Reproductive   胎盤         Placenta
ncbigene:9962      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:9966      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9966      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9966      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9968      refexo:v14_40 血           Blood          脾臓         Spleen
ncbigene:9968      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:997       refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9970      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9971      refexo:v31_40 肝           Liver          肝臓         Liver/Hepato
ncbigene:9971      refexo:v34_40 腎           Urinary        腎臓         Kidney
ncbigene:9971      refexo:v37_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 副腎         Adrenal gland
ncbigene:998       refexo:v01_40 脳           Brain          大脳         Cerebrum
ncbigene:998       refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:998       refexo:v03_40 脳           Brain          脳幹         Brain stem
ncbigene:998       refexo:v06_40 脳           Brain          末梢神経     Peripheral nerve
ncbigene:998       refexo:v07_40 脳           Brain          脊柱         Spine
ncbigene:9980      refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:9980      refexo:v40_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 唾液腺       Salivary
ncbigene:9982      refexo:v19_40 結           Connective     皮膚         Skin
ncbigene:9982      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9982      refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:9985      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9985      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9985      refexo:v35_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 下垂体       Pituitary
ncbigene:9987      refexo:v02_40 脳           Brain          小脳         Cerebellum
ncbigene:9987      refexo:v23_40 殖           Reproductive   卵巣         Ovary
ncbigene:9989      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:999       refexo:v22_40 殖           Reproductive   前立腺       Prostate
ncbigene:999       refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:999       refexo:v30_40 消           Alimentary     結腸         Colon
ncbigene:999       refexo:v36_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 甲状腺       Thyroid/Parathyroid
ncbigene:999       refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9990      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9990      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9991      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
ncbigene:9991      refexo:v16_40 血           Blood          骨髄         Bone marrow
ncbigene:9991      refexo:v24_40 殖           Reproductive   精巣         Testis
ncbigene:9991      refexo:v27_40 消           Alimentary     食道         Esophagus
ncbigene:9992      refexo:v28_40 消           Alimentary     胃           Stomach
ncbigene:9992      refexo:v29_40 消           Alimentary     腸           Intestine
ncbigene:9993      refexo:v38_40 泌           Endo/Exo-crine 膵臓         Pancreas
ncbigene:9994      refexo:v15_40 血           Blood          胸腺         Thymus
